---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_cert_manager_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Certificate resource should be created to ensure an up to date and signed x509 certificate is stored in the Kubernetes Secret resource named in spec.secretName.
  The stored certificate will be renewed before it expires (as configured by spec.renewBefore).
---

# kubefu_cert_manager_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1 (Data Source)

A Certificate resource should be created to ensure an up to date and signed x509 certificate is stored in the Kubernetes Secret resource named in `spec.secretName`.
 The stored certificate will be renewed before it expires (as configured by `spec.renewBefore`).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Desired state of the Certificate resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status of the Certificate. This is set and managed automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `additional_output_formats` (Block List) AdditionalOutputFormats defines extra output formats of the private key and signed certificate chain to be written to this Certificate's target Secret. This is an Alpha Feature and is only enabled with the `--feature-gates=AdditionalCertificateOutputFormats=true` option on both the controller and webhook components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--additional_output_formats))
- `common_name` (String) CommonName is a common name to be used on the Certificate. The CommonName should have a length of 64 characters or fewer to avoid generating invalid CSRs. This value is ignored by TLS clients when any subject alt name is set. This is x509 behaviour: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6125#section-6.4.4
- `dns_names` (List of String) DNSNames is a list of DNS subjectAltNames to be set on the Certificate.
- `duration` (String) The requested 'duration' (i.e. lifetime) of the Certificate. This option may be ignored/overridden by some issuer types. If overridden and `renewBefore` is greater than the actual certificate duration, the certificate will be automatically renewed 2/3rds of the way through the certificate's duration.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) EmailAddresses is a list of email subjectAltNames to be set on the Certificate.
- `encode_usages_in_request` (Boolean) EncodeUsagesInRequest controls whether key usages should be present in the CertificateRequest
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) IPAddresses is a list of IP address subjectAltNames to be set on the Certificate.
- `is_ca` (Boolean) IsCA will mark this Certificate as valid for certificate signing. This will automatically add the `cert sign` usage to the list of `usages`.
- `issuer_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) IssuerRef is a reference to the issuer for this certificate. If the 'kind' field is not set, or set to 'Issuer', an Issuer resource with the given name in the same namespace as the Certificate will be used. If the 'kind' field is set to 'ClusterIssuer', a ClusterIssuer with the provided name will be used. The 'name' field in this stanza is required at all times. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--issuer_ref))
- `keystores` (Block List, Max: 1) Keystores configures additional keystore output formats stored in the `secretName` Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--keystores))
- `literal_subject` (String) LiteralSubject is an LDAP formatted string that represents the [X.509 Subject field](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.6). Use this *instead* of the Subject field if you need to ensure the correct ordering of the RDN sequence, such as when issuing certs for LDAP authentication. See https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/3203, https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/4424. This field is alpha level and is only supported by cert-manager installations where LiteralCertificateSubject feature gate is enabled on both cert-manager controller and webhook.
- `name_constraints` (Block List, Max: 1) x.509 certificate NameConstraint extension which MUST NOT be used in a non-CA certificate. More Info: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.10
 This is an Alpha Feature and is only enabled with the `--feature-gates=NameConstraints=true` option set on both the controller and webhook components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--name_constraints))
- `other_names` (Block List) `otherNames` is an escape hatch for SAN that allows any type. We currently restrict the support to string like otherNames, cf RFC 5280 p 37 Any UTF8 String valued otherName can be passed with by setting the keys oid: x.x.x.x and UTF8Value: somevalue for `otherName`. Most commonly this would be UPN set with oid: 1.3.6.1.4.1.311.20.2.3 You should ensure that any OID passed is valid for the UTF8String type as we do not explicitly validate this. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--other_names))
- `private_key` (Block List, Max: 1) Options to control private keys used for the Certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--private_key))
- `renew_before` (String) The amount of time before the currently issued certificate's `notAfter` time that cert-manager will begin to attempt to renew the certificate. If this value is greater than the total duration of the certificate (i.e. notAfter - notBefore), it will be automatically renewed 2/3rds of the way through the certificate's duration.
- `renew_before_percentage` (Number) `renewBeforePercentage` is like `renewBefore`, except it is a relative percentage
rather than an absolute duration. For example, if a certificate is valid for 60
minutes, and  `renewBeforePercentage=25`, cert-manager will begin to attempt to
renew the certificate 45 minutes after it was issued (i.e. when there are 15
minutes (25%) remaining until the certificate is no longer valid).

NOTE: The actual lifetime of the issued certificate is used to determine the
renewal time. If an issuer returns a certificate with a different lifetime than
the one requested, cert-manager will use the lifetime of the issued certificate.

Value must be an integer in the range (0,100). The minimum effective
`renewBefore` derived from the `renewBeforePercentage` and `duration` fields is 5
minutes.
Cannot be set if the `renewBefore` field is set.
- `revision_history_limit` (Number) revisionHistoryLimit is the maximum number of CertificateRequest revisions that are maintained in the Certificate's history. Each revision represents a single `CertificateRequest` created by this Certificate, either when it was created, renewed, or Spec was changed. Revisions will be removed by oldest first if the number of revisions exceeds this number. If set, revisionHistoryLimit must be a value of `1` or greater. If unset (`nil`), revisions will not be garbage collected. Default value is `nil`.
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the secret resource that will be automatically created and managed by this Certificate resource. It will be populated with a private key and certificate, signed by the denoted issuer.
- `secret_template` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretTemplate defines annotations and labels to be propagated to the Kubernetes Secret when it is created or updated. Once created, labels and annotations are not yet removed from the Secret when they are removed from the template. See https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/issues/4292 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_template))
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm to use.
Allowed values for RSA keys: SHA256WithRSA, SHA384WithRSA, SHA512WithRSA.
Allowed values for ECDSA keys: ECDSAWithSHA256, ECDSAWithSHA384, ECDSAWithSHA512.
Allowed values for Ed25519 keys: PureEd25519.
- `subject` (Block List, Max: 1) Full X509 name specification (https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/x509/pkix/#Name). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--subject))
- `uris` (List of String) URIs is a list of URI subjectAltNames to be set on the Certificate.
- `usages` (List of String) Usages is the set of x509 usages that are requested for the certificate. Defaults to `digital signature` and `key encipherment` if not specified.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--additional_output_formats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_output_formats`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type is the name of the format type that should be written to the Certificate's target Secret.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource being referred to.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource being referred to.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--keystores"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores`

Optional:

- `jks` (Block List, Max: 1) JKS configures options for storing a JKS keystore in the `spec.secretName` Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--keystores--jks))
- `pkcs12` (Block List, Max: 1) PKCS12 configures options for storing a PKCS12 keystore in the `spec.secretName` Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--keystores--pkcs12))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--keystores--jks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias specifies the alias of the key in the keystore, required by the JKS format.
If not provided, the default alias `certificate` will be used.
- `create` (Boolean) Create enables JKS keystore creation for the Certificate. If true, a file named `keystore.jks` will be created in the target Secret resource, encrypted using the password stored in `passwordSecretRef`. The keystore file will only be updated upon re-issuance.
- `password` (String) Password provides a literal password used to encrypt the JKS keystore.
Mutually exclusive with passwordSecretRef.
One of password or passwordSecretRef must provide a password with a non-zero length.
- `password_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) PasswordSecretRef is a reference to a key in a Secret resource containing the password used to encrypt the JKS keystore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names



<a id="nestedblock--spec--keystores--pkcs12"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12`

Optional:

- `create` (Boolean) Create enables PKCS12 keystore creation for the Certificate. If true, a file named `keystore.p12` will be created in the target Secret resource, encrypted using the password stored in `passwordSecretRef`. The keystore file will only be updated upon re-issuance.
- `password` (String) Password provides a literal password used to encrypt the PKCS#12 keystore.
Mutually exclusive with passwordSecretRef.
One of password or passwordSecretRef must provide a password with a non-zero length.
- `password_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) PasswordSecretRef is a reference to a key in a Secret resource containing the password used to encrypt the PKCS12 keystore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref))
- `profile` (String) Profile specifies the key and certificate encryption algorithms and the HMAC algorithm used to create the PKCS12 keystore. Default value is `LegacyRC2` for backward compatibility.
 If provided, allowed values are: `LegacyRC2`: Deprecated. Not supported by default in OpenSSL 3 or Java 20. `LegacyDES`: Less secure algorithm. Use this option for maximal compatibility. `Modern2023`: Secure algorithm. Use this option in case you have to always use secure algorithms (eg. because of company policy). Please note that the security of the algorithm is not that important in reality, because the unencrypted certificate and private key are also stored in the Secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names




<a id="nestedblock--spec--name_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints`

Optional:

- `critical` (Boolean) if true then the name constraints are marked critical.
- `excluded` (Block List, Max: 1) Excluded contains the constraints which must be disallowed. Any name matching a restriction in the excluded field is invalid regardless of information appearing in the permitted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--name_constraints--excluded))
- `permitted` (Block List, Max: 1) Permitted contains the constraints in which the names must be located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--name_constraints--permitted))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--name_constraints--excluded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints.excluded`

Optional:

- `dns_domains` (List of String) DNSDomains is a list of DNS domains that are permitted or excluded.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) EmailAddresses is a list of Email Addresses that are permitted or excluded.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) IPRanges is a list of IP Ranges that are permitted or excluded. This should be a valid CIDR notation.
- `uri_domains` (List of String) URIDomains is a list of URI domains that are permitted or excluded.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--name_constraints--permitted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints.permitted`

Optional:

- `dns_domains` (List of String) DNSDomains is a list of DNS domains that are permitted or excluded.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) EmailAddresses is a list of Email Addresses that are permitted or excluded.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) IPRanges is a list of IP Ranges that are permitted or excluded. This should be a valid CIDR notation.
- `uri_domains` (List of String) URIDomains is a list of URI domains that are permitted or excluded.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--other_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.other_names`

Optional:

- `oid` (String) OID is the object identifier for the otherName SAN. The object identifier must be expressed as a dotted string, for example, "1.2.840.113556.1.4.221".
- `utf8_value` (String) utf8Value is the string value of the otherName SAN. The utf8Value accepts any valid UTF8 string to set as value for the otherName SAN.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.private_key`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm is the private key algorithm of the corresponding private key for this certificate. If provided, allowed values are either "rsa" or "ecdsa" If `algorithm` is specified and `size` is not provided, key size of 256 will be used for "ecdsa" key algorithm and key size of 2048 will be used for "rsa" key algorithm.
- `encoding` (String) The private key cryptography standards (PKCS) encoding for this certificate's private key to be encoded in. If provided, allowed values are "pkcs1" and "pkcs8" standing for PKCS#1 and PKCS#8, respectively. Defaults to PKCS#1 if not specified.
- `rotation_policy` (String) RotationPolicy controls how private keys should be regenerated when a re-issuance is being processed. If set to Never, a private key will only be generated if one does not already exist in the target `spec.secretName`. If one does exists but it does not have the correct algorithm or size, a warning will be raised to await user intervention. If set to Always, a private key matching the specified requirements will be generated whenever a re-issuance occurs. Default is 'Never' for backward compatibility.
- `size` (Number) Size is the key bit size of the corresponding private key for this certificate. If `algorithm` is set to `RSA`, valid values are `2048`, `4096` or `8192`, and will default to `2048` if not specified. If `algorithm` is set to `ECDSA`, valid values are `256`, `384` or `521`, and will default to `256` if not specified. No other values are allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_template`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is a key value map to be copied to the target Kubernetes Secret.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a key value map to be copied to the target Kubernetes Secret.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--subject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subject`

Optional:

- `countries` (List of String) Countries to be used on the Certificate.
- `localities` (List of String) Cities to be used on the Certificate.
- `organizational_units` (List of String) Organizational Units to be used on the Certificate.
- `organizations` (List of String) Organizations to be used on the Certificate.
- `postal_codes` (List of String) Postal codes to be used on the Certificate.
- `provinces` (List of String) State/Provinces to be used on the Certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number to be used on the Certificate.
- `street_addresses` (List of String) Street addresses to be used on the Certificate.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) List of status conditions to indicate the status of certificates. Known condition types are `Ready` and `Issuing`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `failed_issuance_attempts` (Number) The number of continuous failed issuance attempts up till now. This field gets removed (if set) on a successful issuance and gets set to 1 if unset and an issuance has failed. If an issuance has failed, the delay till the next issuance will be calculated using formula time.Hour * 2 ^ (failedIssuanceAttempts - 1).
- `last_failure_time` (String) LastFailureTime is the time as recorded by the Certificate controller of the most recent failure to complete a CertificateRequest for this Certificate resource. If set, cert-manager will not re-request another Certificate until 1 hour has elapsed from this time.
- `next_private_key_secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret resource containing the private key to be used for the next certificate iteration. The keymanager controller will automatically set this field if the `Issuing` condition is set to `True`. It will automatically unset this field when the Issuing condition is not set or False.
- `not_after` (String) The expiration time of the certificate stored in the secret named by this resource in `spec.secretName`.
- `not_before` (String) The time after which the certificate stored in the secret named by this resource in spec.secretName is valid.
- `renewal_time` (String) RenewalTime is the time at which the certificate will be next renewed. If not set, no upcoming renewal is scheduled.
- `revision` (Number) The current 'revision' of the certificate as issued.
 When a CertificateRequest resource is created, it will have the `cert-manager.io/certificate-revision` set to one greater than the current value of this field.
 Upon issuance, this field will be set to the value of the annotation on the CertificateRequest resource used to issue the certificate.
 Persisting the value on the CertificateRequest resource allows the certificates controller to know whether a request is part of an old issuance or if it is part of the ongoing revision's issuance by checking if the revision value in the annotation is greater than this field.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) LastTransitionTime is the timestamp corresponding to the last status change of this condition.
- `message` (String) Message is a human readable description of the details of the last transition, complementing reason.
- `observed_generation` (Number) If set, this represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.condition[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the Certificate.
- `reason` (String) Reason is a brief machine readable explanation for the condition's last transition.
- `status` (String) Status of the condition, one of ('True', 'False', 'Unknown').
- `type` (String) Type of the condition, known values are ('Ready', `Issuing`).
