---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_cert_manager_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Certificate is a type to represent a Certificate from ACME
---

# kubefu_cert_manager_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

Certificate is a type to represent a Certificate from ACME



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (List of Object) CertificateSpec defines the desired state of Certificate. A valid Certificate requires at least one of a CommonName, DNSName, or URISAN to be valid. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) CertificateStatus defines the observed state of Certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String)
- `dns_names` (List of String)
- `duration` (String)
- `email_sa_ns` (List of String)
- `ip_addresses` (List of String)
- `is_ca` (Boolean)
- `issuer_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `key_algorithm` (String)
- `key_encoding` (String)
- `key_size` (Number)
- `keystores` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--keystores))
- `organization` (List of String)
- `private_key` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--private_key))
- `renew_before` (String)
- `secret_name` (String)
- `subject` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--subject))
- `uri_sa_ns` (List of String)
- `usages` (List of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--keystores"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores`

Optional:

- `jks` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--jks))
- `pkcs12` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--jks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks`

Optional:

- `create` (Boolean)
- `password_secret_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12`

Optional:

- `create` (Boolean)
- `password_secret_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.private_key`

Optional:

- `rotation_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--subject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subject`

Optional:

- `countries` (List of String)
- `localities` (List of String)
- `organizational_units` (List of String)
- `postal_codes` (List of String)
- `provinces` (List of String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `street_addresses` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))
- `last_failure_time` (String)
- `next_private_key_secret_name` (String)
- `not_after` (String)
- `revision` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
