---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_cert_manager_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server
---

# kubefu_cert_manager_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1 (Data Source)

Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `common_name` (String)
- `dns_names` (List of String)
- `issuer_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `request` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `authorizations` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--authorizations))
- `certificate` (String)
- `failure_time` (String)
- `finalize_url` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--authorizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.authorizations`

Optional:

- `challenges` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--authorizations--challenges))
- `identifier` (String)
- `initial_state` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `wildcard` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--authorizations--challenges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.authorizations.challenges`

Optional:

- `token` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `url` (String)
