---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_grafana_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generated data source for crd.generators.external-secrets.io.v1alpha1.Grafana
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_grafana_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Generated data source for crd.generators.external-secrets.io.v1alpha1.Grafana



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) GrafanaSpec controls the behavior of the grafana generator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth is the authentication configuration to authenticate
against the Grafana instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth))
- `service_account` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccount is the configuration for the service account that
is supposed to be generated by the generator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--service_account))
- `url` (String) URL is the URL of the Grafana instance.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `token` (Block List, Max: 1) A service account token used to authenticate against the Grafana instance.
Note: you need a token which has elevated permissions to create service accounts.
See here for the documentation on basic roles offered by Grafana:
https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-fixed-basic-role-definitions/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the token is found.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service account that will be created by ESO.
- `role` (String) Role is the role of the service account.
See here for the documentation on basic roles offered by Grafana:
https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-fixed-basic-role-definitions/
