---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_push_secret_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generated data source for crd.external-secrets.io.v1alpha1.PushSecret
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_push_secret_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Generated data source for crd.external-secrets.io.v1alpha1.PushSecret



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) PushSecretSpec configures the behavior of the PushSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) PushSecretStatus indicates the history of the status of PushSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) Secret Data that should be pushed to providers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data))
- `deletion_policy` (String) Deletion Policy to handle Secrets in the provider. Possible Values: "Delete/None". Defaults to "None".
- `refresh_interval` (String) The Interval to which External Secrets will try to push a secret definition
- `secret_store_refs` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs))
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) The Secret Selector (k8s source) for the Push Secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selector))
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template))
- `update_policy` (String) UpdatePolicy to handle Secrets in the provider. Possible Values: "Replace/IfNotExists". Defaults to "Replace".

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy for the secret keys
- `match` (Block List, Max: 1) Match a given Secret Key to be pushed to the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--match))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata is metadata attached to the secret.
The structure of metadata is provider specific, please look it up in the provider documentation.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.match`

Optional:

- `remote_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Remote Refs to push to providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--match--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) Secret Key to be pushed

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--match--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.match.remote_ref`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Name of the property in the resulting secret
- `remote_key` (String) Name of the resulting provider secret.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_store_refs`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)
Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `label_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Optionally, sync to secret stores with label selector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Optionally, sync to the SecretStore of the given name

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_store_refs.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_store_refs.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Select a Secret to Push. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selector--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--selector--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret. The Secret must exist in the same namespace as the PushSecret manifest.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine version
that should be used to compile/execute the
template specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `merge_policy` (String)
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--config_map))
- `literal` (String)
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--secret))
- `target` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.template_from.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--config_map--items))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.template_from.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `template_as` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.template_from.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--secret--items))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--template_from--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.template_from.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `template_as` (String)






<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `refresh_time` (String) refreshTime is the time and date the external secret was fetched and
the target secret updated
- `synced_push_secrets` (Map of String) Synced PushSecrets, including secrets that already exist in provider.
Matches secret stores to PushSecretData that was stored to that secret store.
- `synced_resource_version` (String) SyncedResourceVersion keeps track of the last synced version.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PushSecretConditionType indicates the condition of the PushSecret.
