---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_sts_session_token_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  STSSessionToken uses the GetSessionToken API to retrieve an authorization token.
  The authorization token is valid for 12 hours.
  The authorizationToken returned is a base64 encoded string that can be decoded.
  For more information, see GetSessionToken (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_GetSessionToken.html).
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_sts_session_token_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

STSSessionToken uses the GetSessionToken API to retrieve an authorization token.
The authorization token is valid for 12 hours.
The authorizationToken returned is a base64 encoded string that can be decoded.
For more information, see GetSessionToken (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_GetSessionToken.html).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) STSSessionTokenSpec defines the desired state to generate an AWS STS session token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines how to authenticate with AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the region to operate in.
- `request_parameters` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestParameters contains parameters that can be passed to the STS service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--request_parameters))
- `role` (String) You can assume a role before making calls to the
desired AWS service.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate against AWS using service account tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--jwt))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) AWSAuthSecretRef holds secret references for AWS credentials
both AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey must be defined in order to properly authenticate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.jwt`

Optional:

- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.jwt.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))
- `session_token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SessionToken used for authentication
This must be defined if AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey are temporary credentials
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be
defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be
defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref.session_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be
defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--request_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.request_parameters`

Optional:

- `serial_number` (String) SerialNumber is the identification number of the MFA device that is associated with the IAM user who is making
the GetSessionToken call.
Possible values: hardware device (such as GAHT12345678) or an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a virtual device
(such as arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/user)
- `session_duration` (Number) SessionDuration The duration, in seconds, that the credentials should remain valid. Acceptable durations for
IAM user sessions range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) to 129,600 seconds (36 hours), with 43,200 seconds
(12 hours) as the default.
- `token_code` (String) TokenCode is the value provided by the MFA device, if MFA is required.
