---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_secret_store_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SecretStore represents a secure external location for storing secrets, which can be referenced as part of storeRef fields.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_secret_store_v1 (Data Source)

SecretStore represents a secure external location for storing secrets, which can be referenced as part of `storeRef` fields.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreSpec defines the desired state of SecretStore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreStatus defines the observed state of the SecretStore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Used to constraint a ClusterSecretStore to specific namespaces. Relevant only to ClusterSecretStore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--conditions))
- `controller` (String) Used to select the correct ESO controller (think: ingress.ingressClassName)
The ESO controller is instantiated with a specific controller name and filters ES based on this property
- `provider_` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to configure the provider. Only one provider may be set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_))
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Used to configure store refresh interval in seconds. Empty or 0 will default to the controller config.
- `retry_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to configure http retries if failed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--retry_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions`

Optional:

- `namespace_regexes` (List of String) Choose namespaces by using regex matching
- `namespace_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Choose namespace using a labelSelector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--conditions--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Choose namespaces by name

<a id="nestedblock--spec--conditions--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--conditions--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--conditions--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_`

Optional:

- `akeyless` (Block List, Max: 1) Akeyless configures this store to sync secrets using Akeyless Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless))
- `alibaba` (Block List, Max: 1) Alibaba configures this store to sync secrets using Alibaba Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba))
- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) AWS configures this store to sync secrets using AWS Secret Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws))
- `azurekv` (Block List, Max: 1) AzureKV configures this store to sync secrets using Azure Key Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv))
- `barbican` (Block List, Max: 1) Barbican configures this store to sync secrets using the OpenStack Barbican provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican))
- `beyondtrust` (Block List, Max: 1) Beyondtrust configures this store to sync secrets using Password Safe provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust))
- `bitwardensecretsmanager` (Block List, Max: 1) BitwardenSecretsManager configures this store to sync secrets using BitwardenSecretsManager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager))
- `chef` (Block List, Max: 1) Chef configures this store to sync secrets with chef server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef))
- `cloudrusm` (Block List, Max: 1) CloudruSM configures this store to sync secrets using the Cloud.ru Secret Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm))
- `conjur` (Block List, Max: 1) Conjur configures this store to sync secrets using conjur provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur))
- `delinea` (Block List, Max: 1) Delinea DevOps Secrets Vault
https://docs.delinea.com/online-help/products/devops-secrets-vault/current (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea))
- `device42` (Block List, Max: 1) Device42 configures this store to sync secrets using the Device42 provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42))
- `doppler` (Block List, Max: 1) Doppler configures this store to sync secrets using the Doppler provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler))
- `dvls` (Block List, Max: 1) DVLS configures this store to sync secrets using Devolutions Server provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls))
- `fake` (Block List, Max: 1) Fake configures a store with static key/value pairs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--fake))
- `fortanix` (Block List, Max: 1) Fortanix configures this store to sync secrets using the Fortanix provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix))
- `gcpsm` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPSM configures this store to sync secrets using Google Cloud Platform Secret Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm))
- `github` (Block List, Max: 1) Github configures this store to push Github Action secrets using Github API provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--github))
- `gitlab` (Block List, Max: 1) GitLab configures this store to sync secrets using GitLab Variables provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab))
- `ibm` (Block List, Max: 1) IBM configures this store to sync secrets using IBM Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm))
- `infisical` (Block List, Max: 1) Infisical configures this store to sync secrets using the Infisical provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical))
- `keepersecurity` (Block List, Max: 1) KeeperSecurity configures this store to sync secrets using the KeeperSecurity provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--keepersecurity))
- `kubernetes` (Block List, Max: 1) Kubernetes configures this store to sync secrets using a Kubernetes cluster provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes))
- `nebiusmysterybox` (Block List, Max: 1) NebiusMysterybox configures this store to sync secrets using NebiusMysterybox provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox))
- `ngrok` (Block List, Max: 1) Ngrok configures this store to sync secrets using the ngrok provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok))
- `onboardbase` (Block List, Max: 1) Onboardbase configures this store to sync secrets using the Onboardbase provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase))
- `onepassword` (Block List, Max: 1) OnePassword configures this store to sync secrets using the 1Password Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword))
- `onepassword_sdk` (Block List, Max: 1) OnePasswordSDK configures this store to use 1Password's new Go SDK to sync secrets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk))
- `oracle` (Block List, Max: 1) Oracle configures this store to sync secrets using Oracle Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle))
- `passbolt` (Block List, Max: 1) PassboltProvider provides access to Passbolt secrets manager.
See: https://www.passbolt.com. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt))
- `passworddepot` (Block List, Max: 1) Configures a store to sync secrets with a Password Depot instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot))
- `previder` (Block List, Max: 1) Previder configures this store to sync secrets using the Previder provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder))
- `pulumi` (Block List, Max: 1) Pulumi configures this store to sync secrets using the Pulumi provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi))
- `scaleway` (Block List, Max: 1) Scaleway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway))
- `secretserver` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretServer configures this store to sync secrets using SecretServer provider
https://docs.delinea.com/online-help/secret-server/start.htm (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver))
- `senhasegura` (Block List, Max: 1) Senhasegura configures this store to sync secrets using senhasegura provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura))
- `vault` (Block List, Max: 1) Vault configures this store to sync secrets using Hashi provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault))
- `volcengine` (Block List, Max: 1) Volcengine configures this store to sync secrets using the Volcengine provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine))
- `webhook` (Block List, Max: 1) Webhook configures this store to sync secrets using a generic templated webhook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook))
- `yandexcertificatemanager` (Block List, Max: 1) YandexCertificateManager configures this store to sync secrets using Yandex Certificate Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager))
- `yandexlockbox` (Block List, Max: 1) YandexLockbox configures this store to sync secrets using Yandex Lockbox provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless`

Optional:

- `akeyless_gw_api_url` (String) Akeyless GW API Url from which the secrets to be fetched from.
- `auth_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the operator authenticates with Akeyless. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref))
- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM/base64 encoded CA bundle used to validate Akeyless Gateway certificate. Only used
if the AkeylessGWApiURL URL is using HTTPS protocol. If not set the system root certificates
are used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Akeyless Gateway certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `kubernetes_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Kubernetes authenticates with Akeyless by passing the ServiceAccount
token stored in the named Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference to a Secret that contains the details
to authenticate with Akeyless. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth`

Optional:

- `access_id` (String) the Akeyless Kubernetes auth-method access-id
- `k8s_conf_name` (String) Kubernetes-auth configuration name in Akeyless-Gateway
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional secret field containing a Kubernetes ServiceAccount JWT used
for authenticating with Akeyless. If a name is specified without a key,
`token` is the default. If one is not specified, the one bound to
the controller will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount.
If the service account is specified, the service account secret token JWT will be used
for authenticating with Akeyless. If the service account selector is not supplied,
the secretRef will be used instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_id` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_id))
- `access_type` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type))
- `access_type_param` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type_param))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_type`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_type_param`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--akeyless--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.akeyless.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) AlibabaAuth contains a secretRef for credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth))
- `region_id` (String) Alibaba Region to be used for the provider

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba.auth`

Optional:

- `rrsa` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate against Alibaba using RRSA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--rrsa))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) AlibabaAuthSecretRef holds secret references for Alibaba credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--rrsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba.auth.rrsa`

Optional:

- `oidc_provider_arn` (String)
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String)
- `role_arn` (String)
- `session_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `access_key_secret_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeySecret is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.alibaba.auth.secret_ref.access_key_secret_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws`

Optional:

- `additional_roles` (List of String) AdditionalRoles is a chained list of Role ARNs which the provider will sequentially assume before assuming the Role
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against AWS
if not set aws sdk will infer credentials from your environment
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html#specifying-credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth))
- `external_id` (String) AWS External ID set on assumed IAM roles
- `prefix` (String) Prefix adds a prefix to all retrieved values.
- `region` (String) AWS Region to be used for the provider
- `role` (String) Role is a Role ARN which the provider will assume
- `secrets_manager` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretsManager defines how the provider behaves when interacting with AWS SecretsManager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--secrets_manager))
- `service` (String) Service defines which service should be used to fetch the secrets
- `session_tags` (Block List) AWS STS assume role session tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--session_tags))
- `transitive_tag_keys` (List of String) AWS STS assume role transitive session tags. Required when multiple rules are used with the provider

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticate against AWS using service account tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--jwt))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) AWSAuthSecretRef holds secret references for AWS credentials
both AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey must be defined in order to properly authenticate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.jwt`

Optional:

- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.jwt.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))
- `session_token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SessionToken used for authentication
This must be defined if AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey are temporary credentials
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.auth.secret_ref.session_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--secrets_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.secrets_manager`

Optional:

- `force_delete_without_recovery` (Boolean) Specifies whether to delete the secret without any recovery window. You
can't use both this parameter and RecoveryWindowInDays in the same call.
If you don't use either, then by default Secrets Manager uses a 30 day
recovery window.
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/apireference/API_DeleteSecret.html#SecretsManager-DeleteSecret-request-ForceDeleteWithoutRecovery
- `recovery_window_in_days` (Number) The number of days from 7 to 30 that Secrets Manager waits before
permanently deleting the secret. You can't use both this parameter and
ForceDeleteWithoutRecovery in the same call. If you don't use either,
then by default Secrets Manager uses a 30 day recovery window.
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/apireference/API_DeleteSecret.html#SecretsManager-DeleteSecret-request-RecoveryWindowInDays


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--aws--session_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.aws.session_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv`

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the operator authenticates with Azure. Required for ServicePrincipal auth type. Optional for WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref))
- `auth_type` (String) Auth type defines how to authenticate to the keyvault service.
Valid values are:
- "ServicePrincipal" (default): Using a service principal (tenantId, clientId, clientSecret)
- "ManagedIdentity": Using Managed Identity assigned to the pod (see aad-pod-identity)
- `custom_cloud_config` (Block List, Max: 1) CustomCloudConfig defines custom Azure Stack Hub or Azure Stack Edge endpoints.
Required when EnvironmentType is AzureStackCloud.
IMPORTANT: This feature REQUIRES UseAzureSDK to be set to true. Custom cloud
configuration is not supported with the legacy go-autorest SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--custom_cloud_config))
- `environment_type` (String) EnvironmentType specifies the Azure cloud environment endpoints to use for
connecting and authenticating with Azure. By default it points to the public cloud AAD endpoint.
The following endpoints are available, also see here: https://github.com/Azure/go-autorest/blob/main/autorest/azure/environments.go#L152
PublicCloud, USGovernmentCloud, ChinaCloud, GermanCloud
- `identity_id` (String) If multiple Managed Identity is assigned to the pod, you can select the one to be used
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountRef specified the service account
that should be used when authenticating with WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--service_account_ref))
- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID configures the Azure Tenant to send requests to. Required for ServicePrincipal auth type. Optional for WorkloadIdentity.
- `use_azure_sdk` (Boolean) UseAzureSDK enables the use of the new Azure SDK for Go (azcore-based) instead of the legacy go-autorest SDK.
This is experimental and may have behavioral differences. Defaults to false (legacy SDK).
- `vault_url` (String) Vault Url from which the secrets to be fetched from.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.auth_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (Block List, Max: 1) The Azure ClientCertificate of the service principle used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_certificate))
- `client_id` (Block List, Max: 1) The Azure clientId of the service principle or managed identity used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) The Azure ClientSecret of the service principle used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_secret))
- `tenant_id` (Block List, Max: 1) The Azure tenantId of the managed identity used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--tenant_id))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_certificate`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--tenant_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.tenant_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--custom_cloud_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.custom_cloud_config`

Optional:

- `active_directory_endpoint` (String) ActiveDirectoryEndpoint is the AAD endpoint for authentication
Required when using custom cloud configuration
- `key_vault_dns_suffix` (String) KeyVaultDNSSuffix is the DNS suffix for Key Vault URLs
- `key_vault_endpoint` (String) KeyVaultEndpoint is the Key Vault service endpoint
- `resource_manager_endpoint` (String) ResourceManagerEndpoint is the Azure Resource Manager endpoint


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--azurekv--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.azurekv.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) BarbicanAuth contains the authentication information for Barbican. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth))
- `auth_url` (String)
- `domain_name` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `tenant_name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican.auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) BarbicanProviderPasswordRef defines a reference to a secret containing password for the Barbican provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--password))
- `username` (Block List, Max: 1) BarbicanProviderUsernameRef defines a reference to a secret containing username for the Barbican provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--username))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican.auth.password`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretKeySelector is a reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--password--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--password--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican.auth.password.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican.auth.username`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretKeySelector is a reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--username--secret_ref))
- `value` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--barbican--auth--username--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.barbican.auth.username.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the operator authenticates with Beyondtrust. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth))
- `server` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how API server works. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--server))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Block List, Max: 1) APIKey If not provided then ClientID/ClientSecret become required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--api_key))
- `certificate` (Block List, Max: 1) Certificate (cert.pem) for use when authenticating with an OAuth client Id using a Client Certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate))
- `certificate_key` (Block List, Max: 1) Certificate private key (key.pem). For use when authenticating with an OAuth client Id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate_key))
- `client_id` (Block List, Max: 1) ClientID is the API OAuth Client ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) ClientSecret is the API OAuth Client Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.api_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--api_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--api_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.api_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.certificate`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.certificate.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.certificate_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--certificate_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.certificate_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.client_id`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_id--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_id--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.client_id.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.client_secret`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_secret--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--auth--client_secret--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.auth.client_secret.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--beyondtrust--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.beyondtrust.server`

Optional:

- `api_url` (String)
- `api_version` (String)
- `client_time_out_seconds` (Number) Timeout specifies a time limit for requests made by this Client. The timeout includes connection time, any redirects, and reading the response body. Defaults to 45 seconds.
- `decrypt` (Boolean) When true, the response includes the decrypted password. When false, the password field is omitted. This option only applies to the SECRET retrieval type. Default: true.
- `retrieval_type` (String) The secret retrieval type. SECRET = Secrets Safe (credential, text, file). MANAGED_ACCOUNT = Password Safe account associated with a system.
- `separator` (String) A character that separates the folder names.
- `verify_ca` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.bitwardensecretsmanager`

Optional:

- `api_url` (String)
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a bitwarden machine account instance.
Make sure that the token being used has permissions on the given secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth))
- `bitwarden_server_sdkurl` (String)
- `ca_bundle` (String) Base64 encoded certificate for the bitwarden server sdk. The sdk MUST run with HTTPS to make sure no MITM attack
can be performed.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) see: https://external-secrets.io/latest/spec/#external-secrets.io/v1alpha1.CAProvider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--ca_provider))
- `identity_url` (String)
- `organization_id` (String) OrganizationID determines which organization this secret store manages.
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID determines which project this secret store manages.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.bitwardensecretsmanager.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) BitwardenSecretsManagerSecretRef contains the credential ref to the bitwarden instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.bitwardensecretsmanager.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) AccessToken used for the bitwarden instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth--secret_ref--credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--auth--secret_ref--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.bitwardensecretsmanager.auth.secret_ref.credentials`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--bitwardensecretsmanager--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.bitwardensecretsmanager.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.chef`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against chef Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth))
- `server_url` (String) ServerURL is the chef server URL used to connect to. If using orgs you should include your org in the url and terminate the url with a "/"
- `username` (String) UserName should be the user ID on the chef server

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.chef.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ChefAuthSecretRef holds secret references for chef server login credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.chef.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `private_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretKey is the Signing Key in PEM format, used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth--secret_ref--private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--chef--auth--secret_ref--private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.chef.auth.secret_ref.private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.cloudrusm`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) CSMAuth contains a secretRef for credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth))
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID is the project, which the secrets are stored in.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.cloudrusm.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CSMAuthSecretRef holds secret references for Cloud.ru credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.cloudrusm.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `access_key_secret_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeySecret is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.cloudrusm.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--cloudrusm--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.cloudrusm.auth.secret_ref.access_key_secret_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines authentication settings for connecting to Conjur. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth))
- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a PEM encoded CA bundle that will be used to validate the Conjur server certificate.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to provide custom certificate authority (CA) certificates
for a secret store. The CAProvider points to a Secret or ConfigMap resource
that contains a PEM-encoded certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--ca_provider))
- `url` (String) URL is the endpoint of the Conjur instance.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth`

Optional:

- `apikey` (Block List, Max: 1) Authenticates with Conjur using an API key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey))
- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) Jwt enables JWT authentication using Kubernetes service account tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.apikey`

Optional:

- `account` (String) Account is the Conjur organization account name.
- `api_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' containing the Conjur API key
within a Secret resource. In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey--api_key_ref))
- `user_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' containing the Conjur username
within a Secret resource. In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey--user_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey--api_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.apikey.api_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--apikey--user_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.apikey.user_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.jwt`

Optional:

- `account` (String) Account is the Conjur organization account name.
- `host_id` (String) Optional HostID for JWT authentication. This may be used depending
on how the Conjur JWT authenticator policy is configured.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional SecretRef that refers to a key in a Secret resource containing JWT token to
authenticate with Conjur using the JWT authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional ServiceAccountRef specifies the Kubernetes service account for which to request
a token for with the `TokenRequest` API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt--service_account_ref))
- `service_id` (String) The conjur authn jwt webservice id

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.jwt.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--auth--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.auth.jwt.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--conjur--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.conjur.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.delinea`

Optional:

- `client_id` (Block List, Max: 1) ClientID is the non-secret part of the credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) ClientSecret is the secret part of the credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_secret))
- `tenant` (String) Tenant is the chosen hostname / site name.
- `tld` (String) TLD is based on the server location that was chosen during provisioning.
If unset, defaults to "com".
- `url_template` (String) URLTemplate
If unset, defaults to "https://%s.secretsvaultcloud.%s/v1/%s%s".

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.delinea.client_id`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_id--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_id--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.delinea.client_id.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.delinea.client_secret`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_secret--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--delinea--client_secret--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.delinea.client_secret.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.device42`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Device42 instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth))
- `host` (String) URL configures the Device42 instance URL.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.device42.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Device42SecretRef contains the secret reference for accessing the Device42 instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.device42.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) Username / Password is used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth--secret_ref--credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--device42--auth--secret_ref--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.device42.auth.secret_ref.credentials`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the Operator authenticates with the Doppler API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth))
- `config` (String) Doppler config (required if not using a Service Token)
- `format` (String) Format enables the downloading of secrets as a file (string)
- `name_transformer` (String) Environment variable compatible name transforms that change secret names to a different format
- `project` (String) Doppler project (required if not using a Service Token)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler.auth`

Optional:

- `oidc_config` (Block List, Max: 1) OIDCConfig authenticates using Kubernetes ServiceAccount tokens via OIDC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--oidc_config))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) DopplerAuthSecretRef contains the secret reference for accessing the Doppler API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--oidc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler.auth.oidc_config`

Optional:

- `expiration_seconds` (Number) ExpirationSeconds sets the ServiceAccount token validity duration.
Defaults to 10 minutes.
- `identity` (String) Identity is the Doppler Service Account Identity ID configured for OIDC authentication.
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountRef specifies the Kubernetes ServiceAccount to use for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--oidc_config--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--oidc_config--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler.auth.oidc_config.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `doppler_token` (Block List, Max: 1) The DopplerToken is used for authentication.
See https://docs.doppler.com/reference/api#authentication for auth token types.
The Key attribute defaults to dopplerToken if not specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--secret_ref--doppler_token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--doppler--auth--secret_ref--doppler_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.doppler.auth.secret_ref.doppler_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.dvls`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the authentication method to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to DVLS over plain HTTP.
This is NOT RECOMMENDED for production use.
Set to true only if you understand the security implications.
- `server_url` (String) ServerURL is the DVLS instance URL (e.g., https://dvls.example.com).

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.dvls.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef contains the Application ID and Application Secret for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.dvls.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `app_id` (Block List, Max: 1) AppID is the reference to the secret containing the Application ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref--app_id))
- `app_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) AppSecret is the reference to the secret containing the Application Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref--app_secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref--app_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.dvls.auth.secret_ref.app_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--dvls--auth--secret_ref--app_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.dvls.auth.secret_ref.app_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--fake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.fake`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--fake--data))
- `validation_result` (Number) ValidationResult is defined type for the number of validation results.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--fake--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.fake.data`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `version` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.fortanix`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Block List, Max: 1) APIKey is the API token to access SDKMS Applications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix--api_key))
- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL of SDKMS API. Defaults to `sdkms.fortanix.com`.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.fortanix.api_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the SDKMS API Key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix--api_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--fortanix--api_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.fortanix.api_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against GCP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth))
- `location` (String) Location optionally defines a location for a secret
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID project where secret is located
- `secret_version_selection_policy` (String) SecretVersionSelectionPolicy specifies how the provider selects a secret version
when "latest" is disabled or destroyed.
Possible values are:
- LatestOrFail: the provider always uses "latest", or fails if that version is disabled/destroyed.
- LatestOrFetch: the provider falls back to fetching the latest version if the version is DESTROYED or DISABLED

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPSMAuthSecretRef contains the secret references for GCP Secret Manager authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref))
- `workload_identity` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPWorkloadIdentity defines configuration for workload identity authentication to GCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity))
- `workload_identity_federation` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPWorkloadIdentityFederation holds the configurations required for generating federated access tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity`

Optional:

- `cluster_location` (String) ClusterLocation is the location of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `cluster_project_id` (String) ClusterProjectID is the project ID of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity_federation`

Optional:

- `audience` (String) audience is the Secure Token Service (STS) audience which contains the resource name for the workload identity pool and the provider identifier in that pool.
If specified, Audience found in the external account credential config will be overridden with the configured value.
audience must be provided when serviceAccountRef or awsSecurityCredentials is configured.
- `aws_security_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) awsSecurityCredentials is for configuring AWS region and credentials to use for obtaining the access token,
when using the AWS metadata server is not an option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials))
- `cred_config` (Block List, Max: 1) credConfig holds the configmap reference containing the GCP external account credential configuration in JSON format and the key name containing the json data.
For using Kubernetes cluster as the identity provider, use serviceAccountRef instead. Operators mounted serviceaccount token cannot be used as the token source, instead
serviceAccountRef must be used by providing operators service account details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--cred_config))
- `external_token_endpoint` (String) externalTokenEndpoint is the endpoint explicitly set up to provide tokens, which will be matched against the
credential_source.url in the provided credConfig. This field is merely to double-check the external token source
URL is having the expected value.
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) serviceAccountRef is the reference to the kubernetes ServiceAccount to be used for obtaining the tokens,
when Kubernetes is configured as provider in workload identity pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity_federation.aws_security_credentials`

Optional:

- `aws_credentials_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) awsCredentialsSecretRef is the reference to the secret which holds the AWS credentials.
Secret should be created with below names for keys
- aws_access_key_id: Access Key ID, which is the unique identifier for the AWS account or the IAM user.
- aws_secret_access_key: Secret Access Key, which is used to authenticate requests made to AWS services.
- aws_session_token: Session Token, is the short-lived token to authenticate requests made to AWS services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials--aws_credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) region is for configuring the AWS region to be used.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials--aws_credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity_federation.aws_security_credentials.aws_credentials_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name of the secret.
- `namespace` (String) namespace in which the secret exists. If empty, secret will looked up in local namespace.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--cred_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity_federation.cred_config`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key name holding the external account credential config.
- `name` (String) name of the configmap.
- `namespace` (String) namespace in which the configmap exists. If empty, configmap will looked up in local namespace.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity_federation--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity_federation.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.github`

Optional:

- `app_id` (Number) appID specifies the Github APP that will be used to authenticate the client
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Github instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--github--auth))
- `environment` (String) environment will be used to fetch secrets from a particular environment within a github repository
- `installation_id` (Number) installationID specifies the Github APP installation that will be used to authenticate the client
- `organization` (String) organization will be used to fetch secrets from the Github organization
- `repository` (String) repository will be used to fetch secrets from the Github repository within an organization
- `upload_url` (String) Upload URL for enterprise instances. Default to URL.
- `url` (String) URL configures the Github instance URL. Defaults to https://github.com/.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--github--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.github.auth`

Optional:

- `private_key` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--github--auth--private_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--github--auth--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.github.auth.private_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gitlab`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a GitLab instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth))
- `ca_bundle` (String) Base64 encoded certificate for the GitLab server sdk. The sdk MUST run with HTTPS to make sure no MITM attack
can be performed.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) see: https://external-secrets.io/latest/spec/#external-secrets.io/v1alpha1.CAProvider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--ca_provider))
- `environment` (String) Environment environment_scope of gitlab CI/CD variables (Please see https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/environments/#create-a-static-environment on how to create environments)
- `group_i_ds` (List of String) GroupIDs specify, which gitlab groups to pull secrets from. Group secrets are read from left to right followed by the project variables.
- `inherit_from_groups` (Boolean) InheritFromGroups specifies whether parent groups should be discovered and checked for secrets.
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID specifies a project where secrets are located.
- `url` (String) URL configures the GitLab instance URL. Defaults to https://gitlab.com/.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gitlab.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GitlabSecretRef contains the secret reference for GitLab authentication credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gitlab.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Block List, Max: 1) AccessToken is used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth--secret_ref--access_token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--auth--secret_ref--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gitlab.auth.secret_ref.access_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--gitlab--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.gitlab.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ibm`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the IBM secrets manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth))
- `service_url` (String) ServiceURL is the Endpoint URL that is specific to the Secrets Manager service instance

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ibm.auth`

Optional:

- `container_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) IBM Container-based auth with IAM Trusted Profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--container_auth))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) IBMAuthSecretRef contains the secret reference for IBM Cloud API key authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--container_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ibm.auth.container_auth`

Optional:

- `iam_endpoint` (String)
- `profile` (String) the IBM Trusted Profile
- `token_location` (String) Location the token is mounted on the pod


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ibm.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `iam_endpoint` (String) The IAM endpoint used to obain a token
- `secret_api_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--secret_ref--secret_api_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ibm--auth--secret_ref--secret_api_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ibm.auth.secret_ref.secret_api_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the Operator authenticates with the Infisical API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth))
- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a PEM-encoded CA certificate bundle used to validate
the Infisical server's TLS certificate. Mutually exclusive with CAProvider.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) CAProvider is a reference to a Secret or ConfigMap that contains a CA certificate.
The certificate is used to validate the Infisical server's TLS certificate.
Mutually exclusive with CABundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--ca_provider))
- `host_api` (String) HostAPI specifies the base URL of the Infisical API. If not provided, it defaults to "https://app.infisical.com/api".
- `secrets_scope` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretsScope defines the scope of the secrets within the workspace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--secrets_scope))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth`

Optional:

- `aws_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) AwsAuthCredentials represents the credentials for AWS authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--aws_auth_credentials))
- `azure_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) AzureAuthCredentials represents the credentials for Azure authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials))
- `gcp_iam_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) GcpIamAuthCredentials represents the credentials for GCP IAM authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials))
- `gcp_id_token_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) GcpIDTokenAuthCredentials represents the credentials for GCP ID token authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_id_token_auth_credentials))
- `jwt_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) JwtAuthCredentials represents the credentials for JWT authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials))
- `kubernetes_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) KubernetesAuthCredentials represents the credentials for Kubernetes authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials))
- `ldap_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) LdapAuthCredentials represents the credentials for LDAP authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials))
- `oci_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) OciAuthCredentials represents the credentials for OCI authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials))
- `token_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) TokenAuthCredentials represents the credentials for access token-based authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--token_auth_credentials))
- `universal_auth_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) UniversalAuthCredentials represents the client credentials for universal authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--aws_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.aws_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--aws_auth_credentials--identity_id))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--aws_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.aws_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.azure_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `resource` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials--resource))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.azure_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--azure_auth_credentials--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.azure_auth_credentials.resource`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.gcp_iam_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `service_account_key_file_path` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials--service_account_key_file_path))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.gcp_iam_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_iam_auth_credentials--service_account_key_file_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.gcp_iam_auth_credentials.service_account_key_file_path`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_id_token_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.gcp_id_token_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_id_token_auth_credentials--identity_id))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--gcp_id_token_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.gcp_id_token_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.jwt_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials--jwt))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.jwt_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--jwt_auth_credentials--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.jwt_auth_credentials.jwt`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.kubernetes_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `service_account_token_path` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials--service_account_token_path))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.kubernetes_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--kubernetes_auth_credentials--service_account_token_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.kubernetes_auth_credentials.service_account_token_path`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.ldap_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `ldap_password` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--ldap_password))
- `ldap_username` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--ldap_username))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.ldap_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--ldap_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.ldap_auth_credentials.ldap_password`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--ldap_auth_credentials--ldap_username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.ldap_auth_credentials.ldap_username`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `fingerprint` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--fingerprint))
- `identity_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--identity_id))
- `private_key` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--private_key))
- `private_key_passphrase` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--private_key_passphrase))
- `region` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--region))
- `tenancy_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--tenancy_id))
- `user_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--user_id))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--fingerprint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.fingerprint`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--identity_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.identity_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.private_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--private_key_passphrase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.private_key_passphrase`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.region`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--tenancy_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.tenancy_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--oci_auth_credentials--user_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.oci_auth_credentials.user_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--token_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.token_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--token_auth_credentials--access_token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--token_auth_credentials--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.token_auth_credentials.access_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.universal_auth_credentials`

Optional:

- `client_id` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials--client_secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.universal_auth_credentials.client_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--auth--universal_auth_credentials--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.auth.universal_auth_credentials.client_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--infisical--secrets_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.infisical.secrets_scope`

Optional:

- `environment_slug` (String) EnvironmentSlug is the required slug identifier for the environment.
- `expand_secret_references` (Boolean) ExpandSecretReferences indicates whether secret references should be expanded. Defaults to true if not provided.
- `project_slug` (String) ProjectSlug is the required slug identifier for the project.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Recursive indicates whether the secrets should be fetched recursively. Defaults to false if not provided.
- `secrets_path` (String) SecretsPath specifies the path to the secrets within the workspace. Defaults to "/" if not provided.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--keepersecurity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.keepersecurity`

Optional:

- `auth_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--keepersecurity--auth_ref))
- `folder_id` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--keepersecurity--auth_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.keepersecurity.auth_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Kubernetes instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth))
- `auth_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a secret that contains the auth information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth_ref))
- `remote_namespace` (String) Remote namespace to fetch the secrets from
- `server` (Block List, Max: 1) configures the Kubernetes server Address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--server))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth`

Optional:

- `cert` (Block List, Max: 1) has both clientCert and clientKey as secretKeySelector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert))
- `service_account` (Block List, Max: 1) points to a service account that should be used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--service_account))
- `token` (Block List, Max: 1) use static token to authenticate with (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.cert`

Optional:

- `client_cert` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_cert))
- `client_key` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.cert.client_cert`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.cert.client_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.service_account`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.token`

Optional:

- `bearer_token` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--token--bearer_token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth--token--bearer_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth.token.bearer_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--auth_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.auth_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.server`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a base64-encoded CA certificate
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) see: https://external-secrets.io/v0.4.1/spec/#external-secrets.io/v1alpha1.CAProvider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--server--ca_provider))
- `url` (String) configures the Kubernetes server Address.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--kubernetes--server--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.kubernetes.server.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox`

Optional:

- `api_domain` (String) NebiusMysterybox API endpoint
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines parameters to authenticate in MysteryBox (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth))
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate NebiusMysterybox server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox.auth`

Optional:

- `service_account_creds_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountCreds references a Kubernetes Secret key that contains a JSON
document with service account credentials used to get an IAM token.

Expected JSON structure:
{
  "subject-credentials": {
    "alg": "RS256",
    "private-key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n<private-key>\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
    "kid": "<public-key-id>",
    "iss": "<issuer-service-account-id>",
    "sub": "<subject-service-account-id>"
  }
} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth--service_account_creds_secret_ref))
- `token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Token authenticates with Nebius Mysterybox by presenting a token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth--token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth--service_account_creds_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox.auth.service_account_creds_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--auth--token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox.auth.token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretKeySelector is a reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--nebiusmysterybox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.nebiusmysterybox.ca_provider.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ngrok`

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL of the ngrok API.
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the ngrok provider authenticates with the ngrok API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth))
- `vault` (Block List, Max: 1) Vault configures the ngrok vault to sync secrets with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--vault))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ngrok.auth`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Block List, Max: 1) APIKey is the API Key used to authenticate with ngrok. See https://ngrok.com/docs/api/#authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth--api_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ngrok.auth.api_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the ngrok API key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth--api_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--auth--api_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ngrok.auth.api_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--ngrok--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.ngrok.vault`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the ngrok vault to sync secrets with.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onboardbase`

Optional:

- `api_host` (String) APIHost use this to configure the host url for the API for selfhosted installation, default is https://public.onboardbase.com/api/v1/
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how the Operator authenticates with the Onboardbase API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth))
- `environment` (String) Environment is the name of an environmnent within a project to pull the secrets from
- `project` (String) Project is an onboardbase project that the secrets should be pulled from

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onboardbase.auth`

Optional:

- `api_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) OnboardbaseAPIKey is the APIKey generated by an admin account.
It is used to recognize and authorize access to a project and environment within onboardbase (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth--api_key_ref))
- `passcode_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) OnboardbasePasscode is the passcode attached to the API Key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth--passcode_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth--api_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onboardbase.auth.api_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onboardbase--auth--passcode_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onboardbase.auth.passcode_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against OnePassword Connect Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth))
- `connect_host` (String) ConnectHost defines the OnePassword Connect Server to connect to
- `vaults` (Map of String) Vaults defines which OnePassword vaults to search in which order

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) OnePasswordAuthSecretRef holds secret references for 1Password credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `connect_token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The ConnectToken is used for authentication to a 1Password Connect Server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth--secret_ref--connect_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword--auth--secret_ref--connect_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword.auth.secret_ref.connect_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword_sdk`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against OnePassword API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--auth))
- `cache` (Block List, Max: 1) Cache configures client-side caching for read operations (GetSecret, GetSecretMap).
When enabled, secrets are cached with the specified TTL.
Write operations (PushSecret, DeleteSecret) automatically invalidate relevant cache entries.
If omitted, caching is disabled (default).
cache: {} is a valid option to set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--cache))
- `integration_info` (Block List, Max: 1) IntegrationInfo specifies the name and version of the integration built using the 1Password Go SDK.
If you don't know which name and version to use, use `DefaultIntegrationName` and `DefaultIntegrationVersion`, respectively. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--integration_info))
- `vault` (String) Vault defines the vault's name to access. Do NOT add op:// prefix. This will be done automatically.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword_sdk.auth`

Optional:

- `service_account_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountSecretRef points to the secret containing the token to access 1Password vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--auth--service_account_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--auth--service_account_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword_sdk.auth.service_account_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword_sdk.cache`

Optional:

- `max_size` (Number) MaxSize is the maximum number of secrets to cache.
When the cache is full, least-recently-used entries are evicted.
- `ttl` (String) TTL is the time-to-live for cached secrets.
Format: duration string (e.g., "5m", "1h", "30s")


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--onepassword_sdk--integration_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.onepassword_sdk.integration_info`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name defaults to "1Password SDK".
- `version` (String) Version defaults to "v1.0.0".



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the Oracle Vault.
If empty, use the instance principal, otherwise the user credentials specified in Auth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth))
- `compartment` (String) Compartment is the vault compartment OCID.
Required for PushSecret
- `encryption_key` (String) EncryptionKey is the OCID of the encryption key within the vault.
Required for PushSecret
- `principal_type` (String) The type of principal to use for authentication. If left blank, the Auth struct will
determine the principal type. This optional field must be specified if using
workload identity.
- `region` (String) Region is the region where vault is located.
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountRef specified the service account
that should be used when authenticating with WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--service_account_ref))
- `vault` (String) Vault is the vault's OCID of the specific vault where secret is located.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef to pass through sensitive information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref))
- `tenancy` (String) Tenancy is the tenancy OCID where user is located.
- `user` (String) User is an access OCID specific to the account.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `fingerprint` (Block List, Max: 1) Fingerprint is the fingerprint of the API private key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref--fingerprint))
- `privatekey` (Block List, Max: 1) PrivateKey is the user's API Signing Key in PEM format, used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref--privatekey))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref--fingerprint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle.auth.secret_ref.fingerprint`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--auth--secret_ref--privatekey"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle.auth.secret_ref.privatekey`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--oracle--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.oracle.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passbolt`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Passbolt Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth))
- `host` (String) Host defines the Passbolt Server to connect to

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passbolt.auth`

Optional:

- `password_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth--password_secret_ref))
- `private_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth--private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passbolt.auth.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passbolt--auth--private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passbolt.auth.private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passworddepot`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Password Depot instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth))
- `database` (String) Database to use as source
- `host` (String) URL configures the Password Depot instance URL.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passworddepot.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) PasswordDepotSecretRef contains the secret reference for Password Depot authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passworddepot.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) Username / Password is used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref--credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.passworddepot.auth.secret_ref.credentials`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.previder`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) PreviderAuth contains a secretRef for credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth))
- `base_uri` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.previder.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) PreviderAuthSecretRef holds secret references for Previder Vault credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.previder.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessToken is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth--secret_ref--access_token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--previder--auth--secret_ref--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.previder.auth.secret_ref.access_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.pulumi`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Block List, Max: 1) AccessToken is the access tokens to sign in to the Pulumi Cloud Console. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi--access_token))
- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL of the Pulumi API.
- `environment` (String) Environment are YAML documents composed of static key-value pairs, programmatic expressions,
dynamically retrieved values from supported providers including all major clouds,
and other Pulumi ESC environments.
To create a new environment, visit https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc/environments/ for more information.
- `organization` (String) Organization are a space to collaborate on shared projects and stacks.
To create a new organization, visit https://app.pulumi.com/ and click "New Organization".
- `project` (String) Project is the name of the Pulumi ESC project the environment belongs to.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.pulumi.access_token`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the Pulumi API token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi--access_token--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--pulumi--access_token--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.pulumi.access_token.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.scaleway`

Optional:

- `access_key` (Block List, Max: 1) AccessKey is the non-secret part of the api key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--access_key))
- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the url of the api to use. Defaults to https://api.scaleway.com
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID is the id of your project, which you can find in the console: https://console.scaleway.com/project/settings
- `region` (String) Region where your secrets are located: https://developers.scaleway.com/en/quickstart/#region-and-zone
- `secret_key` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretKey is the non-secret part of the api key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--secret_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.scaleway.access_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--access_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--access_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.scaleway.access_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--secret_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.scaleway.secret_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--secret_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--scaleway--secret_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.scaleway.secret_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM/base64 encoded CA bundle used to validate Secret ServerURL. Only used
if the ServerURL URL is using HTTPS protocol. If not set the system root certificates
are used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Secret ServerURL certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--ca_provider))
- `domain` (String) Domain is the secret server domain.
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password is the secret server account password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--password))
- `server_url` (String) ServerURL
URL to your secret server installation
- `username` (Block List, Max: 1) Username is the secret server account username. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--username))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver.password`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--password--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--password--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver.password.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver.username`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--username--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--secretserver--username--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.secretserver.username.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.senhasegura`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines parameters to authenticate in senhasegura (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura--auth))
- `ignore_ssl_certificate` (Boolean) IgnoreSslCertificate defines if SSL certificate must be ignored
- `module` (String) Module defines which senhasegura module should be used to get secrets
- `url` (String) URL of senhasegura

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.senhasegura.auth`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura--auth--client_secret_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--senhasegura--auth--client_secret_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.senhasegura.auth.client_secret_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the Vault server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth))
- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM encoded CA bundle used to validate Vault server certificate. Only used
if the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol. This parameter is ignored for
plain HTTP protocol connection. If not set the system root certificates
are used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Vault server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--ca_provider))
- `check_and_set` (Block List, Max: 1) CheckAndSet defines the Check-And-Set (CAS) settings for PushSecret operations.
Only applies to Vault KV v2 stores. When enabled, write operations must include
the current version of the secret to prevent unintentional overwrites. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--check_and_set))
- `forward_inconsistent` (Boolean) ForwardInconsistent tells Vault to forward read-after-write requests to the Vault
leader instead of simply retrying within a loop. This can increase performance if
the option is enabled serverside.
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/configuration/replication#allow_forwarding_via_header
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers to be added in Vault request
- `namespace` (String) Name of the vault namespace. Namespaces is a set of features within Vault Enterprise that allows
Vault environments to support Secure Multi-tenancy. e.g: "ns1".
More about namespaces can be found here https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/namespaces
- `path` (String) Path is the mount path of the Vault KV backend endpoint, e.g:
"secret". The v2 KV secret engine version specific "/data" path suffix
for fetching secrets from Vault is optional and will be appended
if not present in specified path.
- `read_your_writes` (Boolean) ReadYourWrites ensures isolated read-after-write semantics by
providing discovered cluster replication states in each request.
More information about eventual consistency in Vault can be found here
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/consistency
- `server` (String) Server is the connection address for the Vault server, e.g: "https://vault.example.com:8200".
- `tls` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration used for client side related TLS communication, when the Vault server
requires mutual authentication. Only used if the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol.
This parameter is ignored for plain HTTP protocol connection.
It's worth noting this configuration is different from the "TLS certificates auth method",
which is available under the `auth.cert` section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls))
- `version` (String) Version is the Vault KV secret engine version. This can be either "v1" or
"v2". Version defaults to "v2".

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth`

Optional:

- `app_role` (Block List, Max: 1) AppRole authenticates with Vault using the App Role auth mechanism,
with the role and secret stored in a Kubernetes Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role))
- `cert` (Block List, Max: 1) Cert authenticates with TLS Certificates by passing client certificate, private key and ca certificate
Cert authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert))
- `gcp` (Block List, Max: 1) Gcp authenticates with Vault using Google Cloud Platform authentication method
GCP authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp))
- `iam` (Block List, Max: 1) Iam authenticates with vault by passing a special AWS request signed with AWS IAM credentials
AWS IAM authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam))
- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) Jwt authenticates with Vault by passing role and JWT token using the
JWT/OIDC authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt))
- `kubernetes` (Block List, Max: 1) Kubernetes authenticates with Vault by passing the ServiceAccount
token stored in the named Secret resource to the Vault server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes))
- `ldap` (Block List, Max: 1) Ldap authenticates with Vault by passing username/password pair using
the LDAP authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--ldap))
- `namespace` (String) Name of the vault namespace to authenticate to. This can be different than the namespace your secret is in.
Namespaces is a set of features within Vault Enterprise that allows
Vault environments to support Secure Multi-tenancy. e.g: "ns1".
More about namespaces can be found here https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/namespaces
This will default to Vault.Namespace field if set, or empty otherwise
- `token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) TokenSecretRef authenticates with Vault by presenting a token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--token_secret_ref))
- `user_pass` (Block List, Max: 1) UserPass authenticates with Vault by passing username/password pair (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--user_pass))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.app_role`

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path where the App Role authentication backend is mounted
in Vault, e.g: "approle"
- `role_id` (String) RoleID configured in the App Role authentication backend when setting
up the authentication backend in Vault.
- `role_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference to a key in a Secret that contains the App Role ID used
to authenticate with Vault.
The `key` field must be specified and denotes which entry within the Secret
resource is used as the app role id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role--role_ref))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference to a key in a Secret that contains the App Role secret used
to authenticate with Vault.
The `key` field must be specified and denotes which entry within the Secret
resource is used as the app role secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.app_role.role_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--app_role--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.app_role.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.cert`

Optional:

- `client_cert` (Block List, Max: 1) ClientCert is a certificate to authenticate using the Cert Vault
authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert--client_cert))
- `path` (String) Path where the Certificate authentication backend is mounted
in Vault, e.g: "cert"
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing client private key to
authenticate with Vault using the Cert authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert--client_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.cert.client_cert`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--cert--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.cert.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp`

Optional:

- `location` (String) Location optionally defines a location/region for the secret
- `path` (String) Path where the GCP auth method is enabled in Vault, e.g: "gcp"
- `project_id` (String) Project ID of the Google Cloud Platform project
- `role` (String) Vault Role. In Vault, a role describes an identity with a set of permissions, groups, or policies you want to attach to a user of the secrets engine.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify credentials in a Secret object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountRef to a service account for impersonation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--service_account_ref))
- `workload_identity` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify a service account with Workload Identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--workload_identity))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp.workload_identity`

Optional:

- `cluster_location` (String) ClusterLocation is the location of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `cluster_project_id` (String) ClusterProjectID is the project ID of the cluster
If not specified, it fetches information from the metadata server
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ServiceAccountSelector is a reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--workload_identity--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--gcp--workload_identity--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.gcp.workload_identity.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam`

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) AWS External ID set on assumed IAM roles
- `jwt` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify a service account with IRSA enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--jwt))
- `path` (String) Path where the AWS auth method is enabled in Vault, e.g: "aws"
- `region` (String) AWS region
- `role` (String) This is the AWS role to be assumed before talking to vault
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify credentials in a Secret object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref))
- `vault_aws_iam_server_id` (String) X-Vault-AWS-IAM-Server-ID is an additional header used by Vault IAM auth method to mitigate against different types of replay attacks. More details here: https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/aws
- `vault_role` (String) Vault Role. In vault, a role describes an identity with a set of permissions, groups, or policies you want to attach a user of the secrets engine

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.jwt`

Optional:

- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.jwt.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))
- `session_token_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SessionToken used for authentication
This must be defined if AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey are temporary credentials
see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.session_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.jwt`

Optional:

- `kubernetes_service_account_token` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional ServiceAccountToken specifies the Kubernetes service account for which to request
a token for with the `TokenRequest` API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token))
- `path` (String) Path where the JWT authentication backend is mounted
in Vault, e.g: "jwt"
- `role` (String) Role is a JWT role to authenticate using the JWT/OIDC Vault
authentication method
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional SecretRef that refers to a key in a Secret resource containing JWT token to
authenticate with Vault using the JWT/OIDC authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.jwt.kubernetes_service_account_token`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Optional audiences field that will be used to request a temporary Kubernetes service
account token for the service account referenced by `serviceAccountRef`.
Defaults to a single audience `vault` it not specified.
Deprecated: use serviceAccountRef.Audiences instead
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) Optional expiration time in seconds that will be used to request a temporary
Kubernetes service account token for the service account referenced by
`serviceAccountRef`.
Deprecated: this will be removed in the future.
Defaults to 10 minutes.
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.jwt.kubernetes_service_account_token.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--jwt--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.jwt.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.kubernetes`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String) Path where the Kubernetes authentication backend is mounted in Vault, e.g:
"kubernetes"
- `role` (String) A required field containing the Vault Role to assume. A Role binds a
Kubernetes ServiceAccount with a set of Vault policies.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional secret field containing a Kubernetes ServiceAccount JWT used
for authenticating with Vault. If a name is specified without a key,
`token` is the default. If one is not specified, the one bound to
the controller will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount.
If the service account is specified, the service account secret token JWT will be used
for authenticating with Vault. If the service account selector is not supplied,
the secretRef will be used instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.kubernetes.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--kubernetes--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.kubernetes.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.ldap`

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path where the LDAP authentication backend is mounted
in Vault, e.g: "ldap"
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing password for the LDAP
user used to authenticate with Vault using the LDAP authentication
method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--ldap--secret_ref))
- `username` (String) Username is an LDAP username used to authenticate using the LDAP Vault
authentication method

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--ldap--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.ldap.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--user_pass"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.user_pass`

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path where the UserPassword authentication backend is mounted
in Vault, e.g: "userpass"
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing password for the
user used to authenticate with Vault using the UserPass authentication
method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--user_pass--secret_ref))
- `username` (String) Username is a username used to authenticate using the UserPass Vault
authentication method

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--auth--user_pass--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.auth.user_pass.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--check_and_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.check_and_set`

Optional:

- `required` (Boolean) Required when true, all write operations must include a check-and-set parameter.
This helps prevent unintentional overwrites of secrets.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CertSecretRef is a certificate added to the transport layer
when communicating with the Vault server.
If no key for the Secret is specified, external-secret will default to 'tls.crt'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls--cert_secret_ref))
- `key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) KeySecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing client private key
added to the transport layer when communicating with the Vault server.
If no key for the Secret is specified, external-secret will default to 'tls.key'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls--key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.tls.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--vault--tls--key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.vault.tls.key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the authentication method to use.
If not specified, the provider will try to use IRSA (IAM Role for Service Account). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the Volcengine region to connect to.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef defines the static credentials to use for authentication.
If not set, IRSA is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (Block List, Max: 1) AccessKeyID is the reference to the secret containing the Access Key ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id))
- `secret_access_key` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretAccessKey is the reference to the secret containing the Secret Access Key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key))
- `token` (Block List, Max: 1) Token is the reference to the secret containing the STS(Security Token Service) Token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--token))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--volcengine--auth--secret_ref--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.volcengine.auth.secret_ref.token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth specifies a authorization protocol. Only one protocol may be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth))
- `body` (String) Body
- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM encoded CA bundle used to validate webhook server certificate. Only used
if the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol. This parameter is ignored for
plain HTTP protocol connection. If not set the system root certificates
are used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate webhook server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--ca_provider))
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers
- `method` (String) Webhook Method
- `result` (Block List, Max: 1) Result formatting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--result))
- `secrets` (Block List) Secrets to fill in templates
These secrets will be passed to the templating function as key value pairs under the given name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--secrets))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout
- `url` (String) Webhook url to call

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.auth`

Optional:

- `ntlm` (Block List, Max: 1) NTLMProtocol configures the store to use NTLM for auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.auth.ntlm`

Optional:

- `password_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm--password_secret))
- `username_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm--username_secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.auth.ntlm.password_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--auth--ntlm--username_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.auth.ntlm.username_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.result`

Optional:

- `json_path` (String) Json path of return value


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of this secret in templates
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret ref to fill in credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--secrets--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--webhook--secrets--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.webhook.secrets.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager`

Optional:

- `api_endpoint` (String) Yandex.Cloud API endpoint (e.g. 'api.cloud.yandex.net:443')
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Yandex Certificate Manager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--auth))
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Yandex.Cloud server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider))
- `fetching` (Block List, Max: 1) FetchingPolicy configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as certificate ID or certificate name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--fetching))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.auth`

Optional:

- `authorized_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The authorized key used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.auth.authorized_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.ca_provider.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--fetching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.fetching`

Optional:

- `by_id` (Map of String) ByID configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as secret ID.
- `by_name` (Block List, Max: 1) ByName configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as secret name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--fetching--by_name))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexcertificatemanager--fetching--by_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexcertificatemanager.fetching.by_name`

Optional:

- `folder_id` (String) The folder to fetch secrets from




<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox`

Optional:

- `api_endpoint` (String) Yandex.Cloud API endpoint (e.g. 'api.cloud.yandex.net:443')
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Yandex Lockbox (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--auth))
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Yandex.Cloud server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--ca_provider))
- `fetching` (Block List, Max: 1) FetchingPolicy configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as secret ID or secret name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--fetching))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.auth`

Optional:

- `authorized_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The authorized key used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.auth.authorized_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.ca_provider.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--fetching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.fetching`

Optional:

- `by_id` (Map of String) ByID configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as secret ID.
- `by_name` (Block List, Max: 1) ByName configures the provider to interpret the `data.secretKey.remoteRef.key` field in ExternalSecret as secret name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--fetching--by_name))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_--yandexlockbox--fetching--by_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_.yandexlockbox.fetching.by_name`

Optional:

- `folder_id` (String) The folder to fetch secrets from





<a id="nestedblock--spec--retry_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retry_settings`

Optional:

- `max_retries` (Number)
- `retry_interval` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `capabilities` (String) SecretStoreCapabilities defines the possible operations a SecretStore can do.
- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) SecretStoreConditionType represents the condition of the SecretStore.
