---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_external_secret_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ExternalSecret is the Schema for the external-secrets API.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_external_secret_v1 (Data Source)

ExternalSecret is the Schema for the external-secrets API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretSpec defines the desired state of ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretStatus defines the observed state of ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) Data defines the connection between the Kubernetes Secret keys and the Provider data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data))
- `data_from` (Block List) DataFrom is used to fetch all properties from a specific Provider data
If multiple entries are specified, the Secret keys are merged in the specified order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from))
- `refresh_interval` (String) RefreshInterval is the amount of time before the values are read again from the SecretStore provider,
specified as Golang Duration strings.
Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h"
Example values: "1h", "2h30m", "10s"
May be set to zero to fetch and create it once. Defaults to 1h.
- `refresh_policy` (String) RefreshPolicy determines how the ExternalSecret should be refreshed:
- CreatedOnce: Creates the Secret only if it does not exist and does not update it thereafter
- Periodic: Synchronizes the Secret from the external source at regular intervals specified by refreshInterval.
  No periodic updates occur if refreshInterval is 0.
- OnChange: Only synchronizes the Secret when the ExternalSecret's metadata or specification changes
- `secret_store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_store_ref))
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTarget defines the Kubernetes Secret to be created
There can be only one target per ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Optional:

- `remote_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) RemoteRef points to the remote secret and defines
which secret (version/property/..) to fetch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) The key in the Kubernetes Secret to store the value.
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef allows you to override the source
from which the value will be pulled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.remote_ref`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource.

Deprecated: The generatorRef is not implemented in .data[].
this will be removed with v1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.source_ref.generator_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource
- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the generator resource
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.source_ref.store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)
Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource




<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from`

Optional:

- `extract` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to extract multiple key/value pairs from one secret
Note: Extract does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--extract))
- `find` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to find secrets based on tags or regular expressions
Note: Find does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--find))
- `rewrite` (Block List) Used to rewrite secret Keys after getting them from the secret Provider
Multiple Rewrite operations can be provided. They are applied in a layered order (first to last) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite))
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef points to a store or generator
which contains secret values ready to use.
Use this in combination with Extract or Find pull values out of
a specific SecretStore.
When sourceRef points to a generator Extract or Find is not supported.
The generator returns a static map of values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--extract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.extract`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--find"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.find`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `name` (Block List, Max: 1) Finds secrets based on the name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--find--name))
- `path` (String) A root path to start the find operations.
- `tags` (Map of String) Find secrets based on tags.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--find--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.find.name`

Optional:

- `regexp` (String) Finds secrets base



<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.rewrite`

Optional:

- `merge` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to merge key/values in one single Secret
The resulting key will contain all values from the specified secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--merge))
- `regexp` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to rewrite with regular expressions.
The resulting key will be the output of a regexp.ReplaceAll operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--regexp))
- `transform` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to apply string transformation on the secrets.
The resulting key will be the output of the template applied by the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--transform))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--merge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.rewrite.merge`

Optional:

- `conflict_policy` (String) Used to define the policy to use in conflict resolution.
- `into` (String) Used to define the target key of the merge operation.
Required if strategy is JSON. Ignored otherwise.
- `priority` (List of String) Used to define key priority in conflict resolution.
- `priority_policy` (String) Used to define the policy when a key in the priority list does not exist in the input.
- `strategy` (String) Used to define the strategy to use in the merge operation.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.rewrite.regexp`

Optional:

- `source` (String) Used to define the regular expression of a re.Compiler.
- `target` (String) Used to define the target pattern of a ReplaceAll operation.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--rewrite--transform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.rewrite.transform`

Optional:

- `template` (String) Used to define the template to apply on the secret name.
`.value ` will specify the secret name in the template.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.source_ref.generator_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource
- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the generator resource
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from.source_ref.store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)
Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource




<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)
Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target`

Optional:

- `creation_policy` (String) CreationPolicy defines rules on how to create the resulting Secret.
Defaults to "Owner"
- `deletion_policy` (String) DeletionPolicy defines rules on how to delete the resulting Secret.
Defaults to "Retain"
- `immutable` (Boolean) Immutable defines if the final secret will be immutable
- `manifest` (Block List, Max: 1) Manifest defines a custom Kubernetes resource to create instead of a Secret.
When specified, ExternalSecret will create the resource type defined here
(e.g., ConfigMap, Custom Resource) instead of a Secret.
Warning: Using Generic target. Make sure access policies and encryption are properly configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--manifest))
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource to be managed.
Defaults to the .metadata.name of the ExternalSecret resource
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--manifest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.manifest`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the target resource (e.g., "v1" for ConfigMap, "argoproj.io/v1alpha1" for ArgoCD Application)
- `kind` (String) Kind of the target resource (e.g., "ConfigMap", "Application")


<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine version
that should be used to compile/execute the
template specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `merge_policy` (String) TemplateMergePolicy defines how the rendered template should be merged with the existing Secret data.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef specifies a reference to either a ConfigMap or a Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map))
- `literal` (String)
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef specifies a reference to either a ConfigMap or a Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret))
- `target` (String) TemplateTarget specifies where the rendered templates should be applied.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope specifies how the template keys should be interpreted.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope specifies how the template keys should be interpreted.







<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `binding` (Block List, Max: 1) Binding represents a servicebinding.io Provisioned Service reference to the secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--binding))
- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `refresh_time` (String) refreshTime is the time and date the external secret was fetched and
the target secret updated
- `synced_resource_version` (String) SyncedResourceVersion keeps track of the last synced version

<a id="nestedblock--status--binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.binding`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) ExternalSecretConditionType defines a value type for ExternalSecret conditions.
