---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_webhook_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Webhook connects to a third party API server to handle the secrets generation
  configuration parameters in spec.
  You can specify the server, the token, and additional body parameters.
  See documentation for the full API specification for requests and responses.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_webhook_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Webhook connects to a third party API server to handle the secrets generation
configuration parameters in spec.
You can specify the server, the token, and additional body parameters.
See documentation for the full API specification for requests and responses.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) WebhookSpec controls the behavior of the external generator. Any body parameters should be passed to the server through the parameters field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth specifies a authorization protocol. Only one protocol may be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth))
- `body` (String) Body
- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM encoded CA bundle used to validate webhook server certificate. Only used
if the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol. This parameter is ignored for
plain HTTP protocol connection. If not set the system root certificates
are used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate webhook server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--ca_provider))
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers
- `method` (String) Webhook Method
- `result` (Block List, Max: 1) Result formatting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--result))
- `secrets` (Block List) Secrets to fill in templates
These secrets will be passed to the templating function as key value pairs under the given name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secrets))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout
- `url` (String) Webhook url to call

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `ntlm` (Block List, Max: 1) NTLMProtocol configures the store to use NTLM for auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.ntlm`

Optional:

- `password_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm--password_secret))
- `username_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource.
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm--username_secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.ntlm.password_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--ntlm--username_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.ntlm.username_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key the value inside of the provider type to use, only used with "Secret" type
- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as "Secret", or "ConfigMap".


<a id="nestedblock--spec--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.result`

Optional:

- `json_path` (String) Json path of return value


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of this secret in templates
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret ref to fill in credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secrets--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secrets--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secrets.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the token is found.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
