---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_cluster_push_secret_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ClusterPushSecret is the Schema for the ClusterPushSecrets API that enables cluster-wide management of pushing Kubernetes secrets to external providers.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_cluster_push_secret_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

ClusterPushSecret is the Schema for the ClusterPushSecrets API that enables cluster-wide management of pushing Kubernetes secrets to external providers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ClusterPushSecretSpec defines the configuration for a ClusterPushSecret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ClusterPushSecretStatus contains the status information for the ClusterPushSecret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `namespace_selectors` (Block List) A list of labels to select by to find the Namespaces to create the ExternalSecrets in. The selectors are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors))
- `push_secret_metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) The metadata of the external secrets to be created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_metadata))
- `push_secret_name` (String) The name of the push secrets to be created.
Defaults to the name of the ClusterPushSecret
- `push_secret_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) PushSecretSpec defines what to do with the secrets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec))
- `refresh_time` (String) The time in which the controller should reconcile its objects and recheck namespaces for labels.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selectors.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) Secret Data that should be pushed to providers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data))
- `deletion_policy` (String) Deletion Policy to handle Secrets in the provider.
- `refresh_interval` (String) The Interval to which External Secrets will try to push a secret definition
- `secret_store_refs` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs))
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) The Secret Selector (k8s source) for the Push Secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector))
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template))
- `update_policy` (String) UpdatePolicy to handle Secrets in the provider.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.data`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy for the secret keys
- `match` (Block List, Max: 1) Match a given Secret Key to be pushed to the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data--match))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata is metadata attached to the secret.
The structure of metadata is provider specific, please look it up in the provider documentation.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.data.match`

Optional:

- `remote_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Remote Refs to push to providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data--match--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) Secret Key to be pushed

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--data--match--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.data.match.remote_ref`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Name of the property in the resulting secret
- `remote_key` (String) Name of the resulting provider secret.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.secret_store_refs`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)
- `label_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Optionally, sync to secret stores with label selector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Optionally, sync to the SecretStore of the given name

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.secret_store_refs.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--secret_store_refs--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.secret_store_refs.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.selector`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Point to a generator to create a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--generator_ref))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Select a Secret to Push. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.selector.generator_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource
- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the generator resource
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.selector.secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret.
The Secret must exist in the same namespace as the PushSecret manifest.
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Selector chooses secrets using a labelSelector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret--selector))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.selector.secret.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--selector--secret--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.selector.secret.selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine version
that should be used to compile/execute the
template specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `merge_policy` (String) TemplateMergePolicy defines how the rendered template should be merged with the existing Secret data.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef specifies a reference to either a ConfigMap or a Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--config_map))
- `literal` (String)
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef specifies a reference to either a ConfigMap or a Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--secret))
- `target` (String) TemplateTarget specifies where the rendered templates should be applied.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.template_from.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.template_from.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope specifies how the template keys should be interpreted.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.template_from.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--secret--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--push_secret_spec--template--template_from--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push_secret_spec.template.template_from.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope specifies how the template keys should be interpreted.







<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `failed_namespaces` (Block List) Failed namespaces are the namespaces that failed to apply an PushSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--failed_namespaces))
- `provisioned_namespaces` (List of String) ProvisionedNamespaces are the namespaces where the ClusterPushSecret has secrets
- `push_secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PushSecretConditionType indicates the condition of the PushSecret.


<a id="nestedblock--status--failed_namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.failed_namespaces`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace that failed when trying to apply an PushSecret
- `reason` (String) Reason is why the PushSecret failed to apply to the namespace
