---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_cloudsmith_access_token_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudsmithAccessToken generates Cloudsmith access token using OIDC authentication
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_cloudsmith_access_token_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

CloudsmithAccessToken generates Cloudsmith access token using OIDC authentication



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) APIURL configures the Cloudsmith API URL. Defaults to https://api.cloudsmith.io.
- `org_slug` (String) OrgSlug is the organization slug in Cloudsmith
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Name of the service account you are federating with (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--service_account_ref))
- `service_slug` (String) ServiceSlug is the service slug in Cloudsmith for OIDC authentication

<a id="nestedblock--spec--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.
