---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_password_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Password generates a random password based on the
  configuration parameters in spec.
  You can specify the length, characterset and other attributes.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_password_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Password generates a random password based on the
configuration parameters in spec.
You can specify the length, characterset and other attributes.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) PasswordSpec controls the behavior of the password generator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allow_repeat` (Boolean) set AllowRepeat to true to allow repeating characters.
- `digits` (Number) Digits specifies the number of digits in the generated
password. If omitted it defaults to 25% of the length of the password
- `length` (Number) Length of the password to be generated.
Defaults to 24
- `no_upper` (Boolean) Set NoUpper to disable uppercase characters
- `symbol_characters` (String) SymbolCharacters specifies the special characters that should be used
in the generated password.
- `symbols` (Number) Symbols specifies the number of symbol characters in the generated
password. If omitted it defaults to 25% of the length of the password
