---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_cluster_external_secret_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ClusterExternalSecret is the Schema for the clusterexternalsecrets API.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_cluster_external_secret_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ClusterExternalSecret is the Schema for the clusterexternalsecrets API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ClusterExternalSecretSpec defines the desired state of ClusterExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ClusterExternalSecretStatus defines the observed state of ClusterExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `external_secret_metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) The metadata of the external secrets to be created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_metadata))
- `external_secret_name` (String) The name of the external secrets to be created defaults to the name of the ClusterExternalSecret
- `external_secret_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) The spec for the ExternalSecrets to be created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec))
- `namespace_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) The labels to select by to find the Namespaces to create the ExternalSecrets in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector))
- `namespace_selectors` (Block List) A list of labels to select by to find the Namespaces to create the ExternalSecrets in. The selectors are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Choose namespaces by name. This field is ORed with anything that NamespaceSelector ends up choosing.
- `refresh_time` (String) The time in which the controller should reconcile it's objects and recheck namespaces for labels.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) Data defines the connection between the Kubernetes Secret keys and the Provider data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data))
- `data_from` (Block List) DataFrom is used to fetch all properties from a specific Provider data If multiple entries are specified, the Secret keys are merged in the specified order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from))
- `refresh_interval` (String) RefreshInterval is the amount of time before the values are read again from the SecretStore provider Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h" May be set to zero to fetch and create it once. Defaults to 1h.
- `refresh_policy` (String) RefreshPolicy determines how the ExternalSecret should be refreshed:
- CreatedOnce: Creates the Secret only if it does not exist and does not update it thereafter
- Periodic: Synchronizes the Secret from the external source at regular intervals specified by refreshInterval.
  No periodic updates occur if refreshInterval is 0.
- OnChange: Only synchronizes the Secret when the ExternalSecret's metadata or specification changes
- `secret_store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--secret_store_ref))
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTarget defines the Kubernetes Secret to be created There can be only one target per ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data`

Optional:

- `remote_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) RemoteRef points to the remote secret and defines which secret (version/property/..) to fetch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) SecretKey defines the key in which the controller stores the value. This is the key in the Kind=Secret
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef allows you to override the source from which the value will pulled from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.remote_ref`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource in (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref.generator_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource
- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the resource, e.g. Password, ACRAccessToken etc.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref.store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore) Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource




<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from`

Optional:

- `extract` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to extract multiple key/value pairs from one secret Note: Extract does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--extract))
- `find` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to find secrets based on tags or regular expressions Note: Find does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find))
- `rewrite` (Block List) Used to rewrite secret Keys after getting them from the secret Provider Multiple Rewrite operations can be provided. They are applied in a layered order (first to last) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite))
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef points to a store or generator which contains secret values ready to use. Use this in combination with Extract or Find pull values out of a specific SecretStore. When sourceRef points to a generator Extract or Find is not supported. The generator returns a static map of values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--extract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.extract`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.find`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `name` (Block List, Max: 1) Finds secrets based on the name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find--name))
- `path` (String) A root path to start the find operations.
- `tags` (Map of String) Find secrets based on tags.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.find.name`

Optional:

- `regexp` (String) Finds secrets base



<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.rewrite`

Optional:

- `regexp` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to rewrite with regular expressions. The resulting key will be the output of a regexp.ReplaceAll operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite--regexp))
- `transform` (Block List, Max: 1) Used to apply string transformation on the secrets. The resulting key will be the output of the template applied by the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite--transform))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.rewrite.regexp`

Optional:

- `source` (String) Used to define the regular expression of a re.Compiler.
- `target` (String) Used to define the target pattern of a ReplaceAll operation.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite--transform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.rewrite.transform`

Optional:

- `template` (String) Used to define the template to apply on the secret name. `.value ` will specify the secret name in the template.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource in (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.generator_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource
- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the resource, e.g. Password, ACRAccessToken etc.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore) Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource




<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--secret_store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.secret_store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore) Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target`

Optional:

- `creation_policy` (String) CreationPolicy defines rules on how to create the resulting Secret Defaults to 'Owner'
- `deletion_policy` (String) DeletionPolicy defines rules on how to delete the resulting Secret Defaults to 'Retain'
- `immutable` (Boolean) Immutable defines if the final secret will be immutable
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the Secret resource to be managed This field is immutable Defaults to the .metadata.name of the ExternalSecret resource
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine version that should be used to compile/execute the template specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `merge_policy` (String) TemplateMergePolicy defines how template values should be merged when generating a secret.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef defines a reference to a template source in a ConfigMap or Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map))
- `literal` (String)
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) TemplateRef defines a reference to a template source in a ConfigMap or Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret))
- `target` (String) TemplateTarget defines the target field where the template result will be stored.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope defines the scope of the template when processing template data.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret
- `template_as` (String) TemplateScope defines the scope of the template when processing template data.







<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selectors--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selectors.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `external_secret_name` (String) ExternalSecretName is the name of the ExternalSecrets created by the ClusterExternalSecret
- `failed_namespaces` (Block List) Failed namespaces are the namespaces that failed to apply an ExternalSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--failed_namespaces))
- `provisioned_namespaces` (List of String) ProvisionedNamespaces are the namespaces where the ClusterExternalSecret has secrets

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `message` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) ClusterExternalSecretConditionType indicates the condition of the ClusterExternalSecret.


<a id="nestedblock--status--failed_namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.failed_namespaces`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace that failed when trying to apply an ExternalSecret
- `reason` (String) Reason is why the ExternalSecret failed to apply to the namespace
