---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_external_secret_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ExternalSecret is the Schema for the external-secrets API.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_external_secrets_io_external_secret_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

ExternalSecret is the Schema for the external-secrets API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretSpec defines the desired state of ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Block List) Data defines the connection between the Kubernetes Secret keys and the Provider data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data))
- `data_from` (Block List) DataFrom is used to fetch all properties from a specific Provider data If multiple entries are specified, the Secret keys are merged in the specified order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_from))
- `refresh_interval` (String) RefreshInterval is the amount of time before the values are read again from the SecretStore provider Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h" May be set to zero to fetch and create it once. Defaults to 1h.
- `secret_store_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_store_ref))
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTarget defines the Kubernetes Secret to be created There can be only one target per ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Optional:

- `remote_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretDataRemoteRef defines Provider data location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) The key in the Kubernetes Secret to store the value.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--data--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.remote_ref`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported



<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_from`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_store_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore) Defaults to `SecretStore`
- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target`

Optional:

- `creation_policy` (String) CreationPolicy defines rules on how to create the resulting Secret Defaults to 'Owner'
- `immutable` (Boolean) Immutable defines if the final secret will be immutable
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the Secret resource to be managed This field is immutable Defaults to the .metadata.name of the ExternalSecret resource
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine version that should be used to compile/execute the template specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret



<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Block List) A list of keys in the ConfigMap/Secret to use as templates for Secret data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items))
- `name` (String) The name of the ConfigMap/Secret resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target--template--template_from--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target.template.template_from.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the ConfigMap/Secret







<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `binding` (Block List, Max: 1) Binding represents a servicebinding.io Provisioned Service reference to the secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--binding))
- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `refresh_time` (String) refreshTime is the time and date the external secret was fetched and the target secret updated
- `synced_resource_version` (String) SyncedResourceVersion keeps track of the last synced version

<a id="nestedblock--status--binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.binding`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
