---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_gcr_access_token_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GCRAccessToken generates an GCP access token that can be used to authenticate with GCR.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_gcr_access_token_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

GCRAccessToken generates an GCP access token that can be used to authenticate with GCR.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) GCRAccessTokenSpec defines the desired state to generate a Google Container Registry access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth defines the means for authenticating with GCP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth))
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID defines which project to use to authenticate with

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPSMAuthSecretRef defines the reference to a secret containing Google Cloud Platform credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref))
- `workload_identity` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPWorkloadIdentity defines the configuration for using GCP Workload Identity authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity))
- `workload_identity_federation` (Block List, Max: 1) GCPWorkloadIdentityFederation holds the configurations required for generating federated access tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity`

Optional:

- `cluster_location` (String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `cluster_project_id` (String)
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity_federation`

Optional:

- `audience` (String) audience is the Secure Token Service (STS) audience which contains the resource name for the workload identity pool and the provider identifier in that pool.
If specified, Audience found in the external account credential config will be overridden with the configured value.
audience must be provided when serviceAccountRef or awsSecurityCredentials is configured.
- `aws_security_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) awsSecurityCredentials is for configuring AWS region and credentials to use for obtaining the access token,
when using the AWS metadata server is not an option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials))
- `cred_config` (Block List, Max: 1) credConfig holds the configmap reference containing the GCP external account credential configuration in JSON format and the key name containing the json data.
For using Kubernetes cluster as the identity provider, use serviceAccountRef instead. Operators mounted serviceaccount token cannot be used as the token source, instead
serviceAccountRef must be used by providing operators service account details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--cred_config))
- `external_token_endpoint` (String) externalTokenEndpoint is the endpoint explicitly set up to provide tokens, which will be matched against the
credential_source.url in the provided credConfig. This field is merely to double-check the external token source
URL is having the expected value.
- `service_account_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) serviceAccountRef is the reference to the kubernetes ServiceAccount to be used for obtaining the tokens,
when Kubernetes is configured as provider in workload identity pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity_federation.aws_security_credentials`

Optional:

- `aws_credentials_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) awsCredentialsSecretRef is the reference to the secret which holds the AWS credentials.
Secret should be created with below names for keys
- aws_access_key_id: Access Key ID, which is the unique identifier for the AWS account or the IAM user.
- aws_secret_access_key: Secret Access Key, which is used to authenticate requests made to AWS services.
- aws_session_token: Session Token, is the short-lived token to authenticate requests made to AWS services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials--aws_credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) region is for configuring the AWS region to be used.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--aws_security_credentials--aws_credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity_federation.aws_security_credentials.aws_credentials_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name of the secret.
- `namespace` (String) namespace in which the secret exists. If empty, secret will looked up in local namespace.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--cred_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity_federation.cred_config`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key name holding the external account credential config.
- `name` (String) name of the configmap.
- `namespace` (String) namespace in which the configmap exists. If empty, configmap will looked up in local namespace.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--workload_identity_federation--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.workload_identity_federation.service_account_ref`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the `aud` claim for the service account token
If the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identity
then this audiences will be appended to the list
- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.
