---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_mfa_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MFA generates a new TOTP token that is compliant with RFC 6238.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_mfa_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

MFA generates a new TOTP token that is compliant with RFC 6238.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) MFASpec controls the behavior of the mfa generator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm to use for encoding. Defaults to SHA1 as per the RFC.
- `length` (Number) Length defines the token length. Defaults to 6 characters.
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret is a secret selector to a secret containing the seed secret to generate the TOTP value from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret))
- `time_period` (Number) TimePeriod defines how long the token can be active. Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `when` (String) When defines a time parameter that can be used to pin the origin time of the generated token.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key in the referenced Secret.
Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Secret resource being referred to.
Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped, otherwise defaults to the namespace of the referent.
