---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_generator_state_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GeneratorState represents the state created and managed by a generator resource.
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_generator_state_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

GeneratorState represents the state created and managed by a generator resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorStateSpec defines the desired state of a generator state resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) GeneratorStateStatus defines the observed state of a generator state resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `garbage_collection_deadline` (String) GarbageCollectionDeadline is the time after which the generator state
will be deleted.
It is set by the controller which creates the generator state and
can be set configured by the user.
If the garbage collection deadline is not set the generator state will not be deleted.
- `resource` (Map of String) Resource is the generator manifest that produced the state.
It is a snapshot of the generator manifest at the time the state was produced.
This manifest will be used to delete the resource. Any configuration that is referenced
in the manifest should be available at the time of garbage collection. If that is not the case deletion will
be blocked by a finalizer.
- `state` (Map of String) State is the state that was produced by the generator implementation.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) GeneratorStateConditionType represents the type of condition for a generator state.
