---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_github_access_token_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GithubAccessToken generates ghs_ accessToken
---

# kubefu_external_secrets_generators_external_secrets_io_github_access_token_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

GithubAccessToken generates ghs_ accessToken



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) GithubAccessTokenSpec defines the desired state to generate a GitHub access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String)
- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Auth configures how ESO authenticates with a Github instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth))
- `install_id` (String)
- `permissions` (Map of String) Map of permissions the token will have. If omitted, defaults to all permissions the GitHub App has.
- `repositories` (List of String) List of repositories the token will have access to. If omitted, defaults to all repositories the GitHub App
is installed to.
- `url` (String) URL configures the Github instance URL. Defaults to https://github.com/.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `privat_key` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--privat_key))
- `private_key` (Block List, Max: 1) GithubSecretRef references a secret containing GitHub credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--private_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--privat_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.privat_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--privat_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--privat_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.privat_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be
defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.private_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,
In some instances, `key` is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--auth--private_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--auth--private_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth.private_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's `data` field to be used. Some instances of this field may be
defaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaults
to the namespace of the referent.
