---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.
---

# kubefu_flux_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) KustomizationSpec defines the desired state of a kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) KustomizationStatus defines the observed state of a kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `decryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Decrypt Kubernetes secrets before applying them on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--decryption))
- `depends_on_` (Block List) DependsOn may contain a dependency.CrossNamespaceDependencyReference slice with references to Kustomization resources that must be ready before this Kustomization can be reconciled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--depends_on_))
- `force` (Boolean) Force instructs the controller to recreate resources when patching fails due to an immutable field change.
- `health_checks` (Block List) A list of resources to be included in the health assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--health_checks))
- `images` (Block List) Images is a list of (image name, new name, new tag or digest) for changing image names, tags or digests. This can also be achieved with a patch, but this operator is simpler to specify. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--images))
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to reconcile the Kustomization.
- `kube_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The KubeConfig for reconciling the Kustomization on a remote cluster. When specified, KubeConfig takes precedence over ServiceAccountName. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config))
- `patches_json6902` (Block List) JSON 6902 patches, defined as inline YAML objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902))
- `patches_strategic_merge` (List of Map of String) Strategic merge patches, defined as inline YAML objects.
- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the kustomization.yaml file, or the set of plain YAMLs a kustomization.yaml should be generated for. Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path of the SourceRef.
- `post_build` (Block List, Max: 1) PostBuild describes which actions to perform on the YAML manifest generated by building the kustomize overlay. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_build))
- `prune` (Boolean) Prune enables garbage collection.
- `retry_interval` (String) The interval at which to retry a previously failed reconciliation. When not specified, the controller uses the KustomizationSpec.Interval value to retry failures.
- `service_account_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes service account to impersonate when reconciling this Kustomization.
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference of the source where the kustomization file is. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent kustomize executions, it does not apply to already started executions. Defaults to false.
- `target_namespace` (String) TargetNamespace sets or overrides the namespace in the kustomization.yaml file.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for validation, apply and health checking operations. Defaults to 'Interval' duration.
- `validation` (String) Validate the Kubernetes objects before applying them on the cluster. The validation strategy can be 'client' (local dry-run), 'server' (APIServer dry-run) or 'none'. When 'Force' is 'true', validation will fallback to 'client' if set to 'server' because server-side validation is not supported in this scenario.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--decryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption`

Optional:

- `provider_` (String) Provider is the name of the decryption engine.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret name containing the private OpenPGP keys used for decryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--decryption--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--decryption--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent



<a id="nestedblock--spec--depends_on_"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.depends_on_`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name holds the name reference of a dependency.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace holds the namespace reference of a dependency.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_checks`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent, if not specified the Kubernetes preferred version will be used
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference


<a id="nestedblock--spec--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.images`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the value used to replace the original image tag. If digest is present NewTag value is ignored.
- `name` (String) Name is a tag-less image name.
- `new_name` (String) NewName is the value used to replace the original name.
- `new_tag` (String) NewTag is the value used to replace the original tag.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef holds the name to a secret that contains a 'value' key with the kubeconfig file as the value. It must be in the same namespace as the Kustomization. It is recommended that the kubeconfig is self-contained, and the secret is regularly updated if credentials such as a cloud-access-token expire. Cloud specific `cmd-path` auth helpers will not function without adding binaries and credentials to the Pod that is responsible for reconciling the Kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent



<a id="nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902`

Optional:

- `patch` (Block List) Patch contains the JSON6902 patch document with an array of operation objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902--patch))
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target points to the resources that the patch document should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902--patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902.patch`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `op` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `value` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--patches_json6902--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902.target`

Optional:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from. Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md



<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build`

Optional:

- `substitute` (Map of String) Substitute holds a map of key/value pairs. The variables defined in your YAML manifests that match any of the keys defined in the map will be substituted with the set value. Includes support for bash string replacement functions e.g. ${var:=default}, ${var:position} and ${var/substring/replacement}.
- `substitute_from` (Block List) SubstituteFrom holds references to ConfigMaps and Secrets containing the variables and their values to be substituted in the YAML manifests. The ConfigMap and the Secret data keys represent the var names and they must match the vars declared in the manifests for the substitution to happen. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_build--substitute_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_build--substitute_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build.substitute_from`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the values referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the referring resource.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the Kustomization namespace



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `last_applied_revision` (String) The last successfully applied revision. The revision format for Git sources is <branch|tag>/<commit-sha>.
- `last_attempted_revision` (String) LastAttemptedRevision is the revision of the last reconciliation attempt.
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent reconcile request value, so a change can be detected.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last reconciled generation.
- `snapshot` (Block List, Max: 1) The last successfully applied revision metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--snapshot))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--snapshot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.snapshot`

Optional:

- `checksum` (String) The manifests sha1 checksum.
- `entries` (Block List) A list of Kubernetes kinds grouped by namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--snapshot--entries))

<a id="nestedblock--status--snapshot--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.snapshot.entries`

Optional:

- `kinds` (Map of String) The list of Kubernetes kinds.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of this entry.
