---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_helm_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_release_v2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HelmRelease is the Schema for the helmreleases API
---

# kubefu_flux_helm_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_release_v2 (Data Source)

HelmRelease is the Schema for the helmreleases API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) HelmReleaseSpec defines the desired state of a Helm release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) HelmReleaseStatus defines the observed state of a HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `chart` (Block List, Max: 1) Chart defines the template of the v1.HelmChart that should be created
for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart))
- `chart_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ChartRef holds a reference to a source controller resource containing the
Helm chart artifact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart_ref))
- `depends_on_` (Block List) DependsOn may contain a meta.NamespacedObjectReference slice with
references to HelmRelease resources that must be ready before this HelmRelease
can be reconciled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--depends_on_))
- `drift_detection` (Block List, Max: 1) DriftDetection holds the configuration for detecting and handling
differences between the manifest in the Helm storage and the resources
currently existing in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--drift_detection))
- `install` (Block List, Max: 1) Install holds the configuration for Helm install actions for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--install))
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Helm release.
- `kube_config` (Block List, Max: 1) KubeConfig for reconciling the HelmRelease on a remote cluster.
When used in combination with HelmReleaseSpec.ServiceAccountName,
forces the controller to act on behalf of that Service Account at the
target cluster.
If the --default-service-account flag is set, its value will be used as
a controller level fallback for when HelmReleaseSpec.ServiceAccountName
is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config))
- `max_history` (Number) MaxHistory is the number of revisions saved by Helm for this HelmRelease.
Use '0' for an unlimited number of revisions; defaults to '5'.
- `persistent_client` (Boolean) PersistentClient tells the controller to use a persistent Kubernetes
client for this release. When enabled, the client will be reused for the
duration of the reconciliation, instead of being created and destroyed
for each (step of a) Helm action.


This can improve performance, but may cause issues with some Helm charts
that for example do create Custom Resource Definitions during installation
outside Helm's CRD lifecycle hooks, which are then not observed to be
available by e.g. post-install hooks.


If not set, it defaults to true.
- `post_renderers` (Block List) PostRenderers holds an array of Helm PostRenderers, which will be applied in order
of their definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_renderers))
- `release_name` (String) ReleaseName used for the Helm release. Defaults to a composition of
'[TargetNamespace-]Name'.
- `rollback` (Block List, Max: 1) Rollback holds the configuration for Helm rollback actions for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rollback))
- `service_account_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes service account to impersonate
when reconciling this HelmRelease.
- `storage_namespace` (String) StorageNamespace used for the Helm storage.
Defaults to the namespace of the HelmRelease.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend reconciliation for this HelmRelease,
it does not apply to already started reconciliations. Defaults to false.
- `target_namespace` (String) TargetNamespace to target when performing operations for the HelmRelease.
Defaults to the namespace of the HelmRelease.
- `test` (Block List, Max: 1) Test holds the configuration for Helm test actions for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--test))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation (like Jobs
for hooks) during the performance of a Helm action. Defaults to '5m0s'.
- `uninstall` (Block List, Max: 1) Uninstall holds the configuration for Helm uninstall actions for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--uninstall))
- `upgrade` (Block List, Max: 1) Upgrade holds the configuration for Helm upgrade actions for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--upgrade))
- `values` (Map of String) Values holds the values for this Helm release.
- `values_from` (Block List) ValuesFrom holds references to resources containing Helm values for this HelmRelease,
and information about how they should be merged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--values_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) ObjectMeta holds the template for metadata like labels and annotations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec holds the template for the v1.HelmChartSpec for this HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be
set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not
queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize
(scope and select) objects.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/


<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart.spec`

Optional:

- `chart` (String) The name or path the Helm chart is available at in the SourceRef.
- `ignore_missing_values_files` (Boolean) IgnoreMissingValuesFiles controls whether to silently ignore missing values files rather than failing.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to check the v1.Source for updates. Defaults to
'HelmReleaseSpec.Interval'.
- `reconcile_strategy` (String) Determines what enables the creation of a new artifact. Valid values are
('ChartVersion', 'Revision').
See the documentation of the values for an explanation on their behavior.
Defaults to ChartVersion when omitted.
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The name and namespace of the v1.Source the chart is available at. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--source_ref))
- `values_files` (List of String) Alternative list of values files to use as the chart values (values.yaml
is not included by default), expected to be a relative path in the SourceRef.
Values files are merged in the order of this list with the last file overriding
the first. Ignored when omitted.
- `verify` (Block List, Max: 1) Verify contains the secret name containing the trusted public keys
used to verify the signature and specifies which provider to use to check
whether OCI image is authentic.
This field is only supported for OCI sources.
Chart dependencies, which are not bundled in the umbrella chart artifact,
are not verified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--verify))
- `version` (String) Version semver expression, ignored for charts from v1.GitRepository and
v1beta2.Bucket sources. Defaults to latest when omitted.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart.spec.source_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart.spec.verify`

Optional:

- `provider_` (String) Provider specifies the technology used to sign the OCI Helm chart.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef specifies the Kubernetes Secret containing the
trusted public keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart.spec.verify.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the namespace of the Kubernetes
resource object that contains the reference.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--depends_on_"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.depends_on_`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--drift_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drift_detection`

Optional:

- `ignore` (Block List) Ignore contains a list of rules for specifying which changes to ignore
during diffing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--drift_detection--ignore))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines how differences should be handled between the Helm manifest
and the manifest currently applied to the cluster.
If not explicitly set, it defaults to DiffModeDisabled.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--drift_detection--ignore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drift_detection.ignore`

Optional:

- `paths` (List of String) Paths is a list of JSON Pointer (RFC 6901) paths to be excluded from
consideration in a Kubernetes object.
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target is a selector for specifying Kubernetes objects to which this
rule applies.
If Target is not set, the Paths will be ignored for all Kubernetes
objects within the manifest of the Helm release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--drift_detection--ignore--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--drift_detection--ignore--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drift_detection.ignore.target`

Optional:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api
It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from.
Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from.
Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously
identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api
It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from.
Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md




<a id="nestedblock--spec--install"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.install`

Optional:

- `crds` (String) CRDs upgrade CRDs from the Helm Chart's crds directory according
to the CRD upgrade policy provided here. Valid values are `Skip`,
`Create` or `CreateReplace`. Default is `Create` and if omitted
CRDs are installed but not updated.


Skip: do neither install nor replace (update) any CRDs.


Create: new CRDs are created, existing CRDs are neither updated nor deleted.


CreateReplace: new CRDs are created, existing CRDs are updated (replaced)
but not deleted.


By default, CRDs are applied (installed) during Helm install action.
With this option users can opt in to CRD replace existing CRDs on Helm
install actions, which is not (yet) natively supported by Helm.
https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions.
- `create_namespace` (Boolean) CreateNamespace tells the Helm install action to create the
HelmReleaseSpec.TargetNamespace if it does not exist yet.
On uninstall, the namespace will not be garbage collected.
- `disable_hooks` (Boolean) DisableHooks prevents hooks from running during the Helm install action.
- `disable_open_api_validation` (Boolean) DisableOpenAPIValidation prevents the Helm install action from validating
rendered templates against the Kubernetes OpenAPI Schema.
- `disable_wait` (Boolean) DisableWait disables the waiting for resources to be ready after a Helm
install has been performed.
- `disable_wait_for_jobs` (Boolean) DisableWaitForJobs disables waiting for jobs to complete after a Helm
install has been performed.
- `remediation` (Block List, Max: 1) Remediation holds the remediation configuration for when the Helm install
action for the HelmRelease fails. The default is to not perform any action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--install--remediation))
- `replace` (Boolean) Replace tells the Helm install action to re-use the 'ReleaseName', but only
if that name is a deleted release which remains in the history.
- `skip_cr_ds` (Boolean) SkipCRDs tells the Helm install action to not install any CRDs. By default,
CRDs are installed if not already present.


Deprecated use CRD policy (`crds`) attribute with value `Skip` instead.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation (like
Jobs for hooks) during the performance of a Helm install action. Defaults to
'HelmReleaseSpec.Timeout'.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--install--remediation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.install.remediation`

Optional:

- `ignore_test_failures` (Boolean) IgnoreTestFailures tells the controller to skip remediation when the Helm
tests are run after an install action but fail. Defaults to
'Test.IgnoreFailures'.
- `remediate_last_failure` (Boolean) RemediateLastFailure tells the controller to remediate the last failure, when
no retries remain. Defaults to 'false'.
- `retries` (Number) Retries is the number of retries that should be attempted on failures before
bailing. Remediation, using an uninstall, is performed between each attempt.
Defaults to '0', a negative integer equals to unlimited retries.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef holds the name of a secret that contains a key with
the kubeconfig file as the value. If no key is set, the key will default
to 'value'.
It is recommended that the kubeconfig is self-contained, and the secret
is regularly updated if credentials such as a cloud-access-token expire.
Cloud specific `cmd-path` auth helpers will not function without adding
binaries and credentials to the Pod that is responsible for reconciling
Kubernetes resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key in the Secret, when not specified an implementation-specific default key is used.
- `name` (String) Name of the Secret.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_renderers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_renderers`

Optional:

- `kustomize` (Block List, Max: 1) Kustomization to apply as PostRenderer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_renderers.kustomize`

Optional:

- `images` (Block List) Images is a list of (image name, new name, new tag or digest)
for changing image names, tags or digests. This can also be achieved with a
patch, but this operator is simpler to specify. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--images))
- `patches` (Block List) Strategic merge and JSON patches, defined as inline YAML objects,
capable of targeting objects based on kind, label and annotation selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--patches))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_renderers.kustomize.images`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the value used to replace the original image tag.
If digest is present NewTag value is ignored.
- `name` (String) Name is a tag-less image name.
- `new_name` (String) NewName is the value used to replace the original name.
- `new_tag` (String) NewTag is the value used to replace the original tag.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_renderers.kustomize.patches`

Optional:

- `patch` (String) Patch contains an inline StrategicMerge patch or an inline JSON6902 patch with
an array of operation objects.
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target points to the resources that the patch document should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--patches--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_renderers--kustomize--patches--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_renderers.kustomize.patches.target`

Optional:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api
It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from.
Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from.
Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously
identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api
It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from.
Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources.
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md





<a id="nestedblock--spec--rollback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rollback`

Optional:

- `cleanup_on_fail` (Boolean) CleanupOnFail allows deletion of new resources created during the Helm
rollback action when it fails.
- `disable_hooks` (Boolean) DisableHooks prevents hooks from running during the Helm rollback action.
- `disable_wait` (Boolean) DisableWait disables the waiting for resources to be ready after a Helm
rollback has been performed.
- `disable_wait_for_jobs` (Boolean) DisableWaitForJobs disables waiting for jobs to complete after a Helm
rollback has been performed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force forces resource updates through a replacement strategy.
- `recreate` (Boolean) Recreate performs pod restarts for the resource if applicable.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation (like
Jobs for hooks) during the performance of a Helm rollback action. Defaults to
'HelmReleaseSpec.Timeout'.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--test"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.test`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable enables Helm test actions for this HelmRelease after an Helm install
or upgrade action has been performed.
- `filters` (Block List) Filters is a list of tests to run or exclude from running. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--test--filters))
- `ignore_failures` (Boolean) IgnoreFailures tells the controller to skip remediation when the Helm tests
are run but fail. Can be overwritten for tests run after install or upgrade
actions in 'Install.IgnoreTestFailures' and 'Upgrade.IgnoreTestFailures'.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation during
the performance of a Helm test action. Defaults to 'HelmReleaseSpec.Timeout'.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--test--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.test.filters`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Boolean) Exclude specifies whether the named test should be excluded.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the test.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--uninstall"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.uninstall`

Optional:

- `deletion_propagation` (String) DeletionPropagation specifies the deletion propagation policy when
a Helm uninstall is performed.
- `disable_hooks` (Boolean) DisableHooks prevents hooks from running during the Helm rollback action.
- `disable_wait` (Boolean) DisableWait disables waiting for all the resources to be deleted after
a Helm uninstall is performed.
- `keep_history` (Boolean) KeepHistory tells Helm to remove all associated resources and mark the
release as deleted, but retain the release history.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation (like
Jobs for hooks) during the performance of a Helm uninstall action. Defaults
to 'HelmReleaseSpec.Timeout'.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--upgrade"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.upgrade`

Optional:

- `cleanup_on_fail` (Boolean) CleanupOnFail allows deletion of new resources created during the Helm
upgrade action when it fails.
- `crds` (String) CRDs upgrade CRDs from the Helm Chart's crds directory according
to the CRD upgrade policy provided here. Valid values are `Skip`,
`Create` or `CreateReplace`. Default is `Skip` and if omitted
CRDs are neither installed nor upgraded.


Skip: do neither install nor replace (update) any CRDs.


Create: new CRDs are created, existing CRDs are neither updated nor deleted.


CreateReplace: new CRDs are created, existing CRDs are updated (replaced)
but not deleted.


By default, CRDs are not applied during Helm upgrade action. With this
option users can opt-in to CRD upgrade, which is not (yet) natively supported by Helm.
https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions.
- `disable_hooks` (Boolean) DisableHooks prevents hooks from running during the Helm upgrade action.
- `disable_open_api_validation` (Boolean) DisableOpenAPIValidation prevents the Helm upgrade action from validating
rendered templates against the Kubernetes OpenAPI Schema.
- `disable_wait` (Boolean) DisableWait disables the waiting for resources to be ready after a Helm
upgrade has been performed.
- `disable_wait_for_jobs` (Boolean) DisableWaitForJobs disables waiting for jobs to complete after a Helm
upgrade has been performed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force forces resource updates through a replacement strategy.
- `preserve_values` (Boolean) PreserveValues will make Helm reuse the last release's values and merge in
overrides from 'Values'. Setting this flag makes the HelmRelease
non-declarative.
- `remediation` (Block List, Max: 1) Remediation holds the remediation configuration for when the Helm upgrade
action for the HelmRelease fails. The default is to not perform any action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--upgrade--remediation))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the time to wait for any individual Kubernetes operation (like
Jobs for hooks) during the performance of a Helm upgrade action. Defaults to
'HelmReleaseSpec.Timeout'.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--upgrade--remediation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.upgrade.remediation`

Optional:

- `ignore_test_failures` (Boolean) IgnoreTestFailures tells the controller to skip remediation when the Helm
tests are run after an upgrade action but fail.
Defaults to 'Test.IgnoreFailures'.
- `remediate_last_failure` (Boolean) RemediateLastFailure tells the controller to remediate the last failure, when
no retries remain. Defaults to 'false' unless 'Retries' is greater than 0.
- `retries` (Number) Retries is the number of retries that should be attempted on failures before
bailing. Remediation, using 'Strategy', is performed between each attempt.
Defaults to '0', a negative integer equals to unlimited retries.
- `strategy` (String) Strategy to use for failure remediation. Defaults to 'rollback'.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--values_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.values_from`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the values referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the
referring resource.
- `optional` (Boolean) Optional marks this ValuesReference as optional. When set, a not found error
for the values reference is ignored, but any ValuesKey, TargetPath or
transient error will still result in a reconciliation failure.
- `target_path` (String) TargetPath is the YAML dot notation path the value should be merged at. When
set, the ValuesKey is expected to be a single flat value. Defaults to 'None',
which results in the values getting merged at the root.
- `values_key` (String) ValuesKey is the data key where the values.yaml or a specific value can be
found at. Defaults to 'values.yaml'.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the HelmRelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `failures` (Number) Failures is the reconciliation failure count against the latest desired
state. It is reset after a successful reconciliation.
- `helm_chart` (String) HelmChart is the namespaced name of the HelmChart resource created by
the controller for the HelmRelease.
- `history` (Block List) History holds the history of Helm releases performed for this HelmRelease
up to the last successfully completed release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--history))
- `install_failures` (Number) InstallFailures is the install failure count against the latest desired
state. It is reset after a successful reconciliation.
- `last_attempted_config_digest` (String) LastAttemptedConfigDigest is the digest for the config (better known as
"values") of the last reconciliation attempt.
- `last_attempted_generation` (Number) LastAttemptedGeneration is the last generation the controller attempted
to reconcile.
- `last_attempted_release_action` (String) LastAttemptedReleaseAction is the last release action performed for this
HelmRelease. It is used to determine the active remediation strategy.
- `last_attempted_revision` (String) LastAttemptedRevision is the Source revision of the last reconciliation
attempt. For OCIRepository  sources, the 12 first characters of the digest are
appended to the chart version e.g. "1.2.3+1234567890ab".
- `last_attempted_revision_digest` (String) LastAttemptedRevisionDigest is the digest of the last reconciliation attempt.
This is only set for OCIRepository sources.
- `last_attempted_values_checksum` (String) LastAttemptedValuesChecksum is the SHA1 checksum for the values of the last
reconciliation attempt.
Deprecated: Use LastAttemptedConfigDigest instead.
- `last_handled_force_at` (String) LastHandledForceAt holds the value of the most recent force request
value, so a change of the annotation value can be detected.
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent
reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value
can be detected.
- `last_handled_reset_at` (String) LastHandledResetAt holds the value of the most recent reset request
value, so a change of the annotation value can be detected.
- `last_release_revision` (Number) LastReleaseRevision is the revision of the last successful Helm release.
Deprecated: Use History instead.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last observed generation.
- `observed_post_renderers_digest` (String) ObservedPostRenderersDigest is the digest for the post-renderers of
the last successful reconciliation attempt.
- `storage_namespace` (String) StorageNamespace is the namespace of the Helm release storage for the
current release.
- `upgrade_failures` (Number) UpgradeFailures is the upgrade failure count against the latest desired
state. It is reset after a successful reconciliation.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
---
Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be
useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important.
The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.history`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion is the API version of the Snapshot.
Provisional: when the calculation method of the Digest field is changed,
this field will be used to distinguish between the old and new methods.
- `app_version` (String) AppVersion is the chart app version of the release object in storage.
- `chart_name` (String) ChartName is the chart name of the release object in storage.
- `chart_version` (String) ChartVersion is the chart version of the release object in
storage.
- `config_digest` (String) ConfigDigest is the checksum of the config (better known as
"values") of the release object in storage.
It has the format of `<algo>:<checksum>`.
- `deleted` (String) Deleted is when the release was deleted.
- `digest` (String) Digest is the checksum of the release object in storage.
It has the format of `<algo>:<checksum>`.
- `first_deployed` (String) FirstDeployed is when the release was first deployed.
- `last_deployed` (String) LastDeployed is when the release was last deployed.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the release.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace the release is deployed to.
- `oci_digest` (String) OCIDigest is the digest of the OCI artifact associated with the release.
- `status` (String) Status is the current state of the release.
- `test_hooks` (Map of String) TestHooks is the list of test hooks for the release as observed to be
run by the controller.
- `version` (Number) Version is the version of the release object in storage.
