---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_provider_v1beta3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provider is the Schema for the providers API
---

# kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_provider_v1beta3 (Data Source)

Provider is the Schema for the providers API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ProviderSpec defines the desired state of the Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address specifies the endpoint, in a generic sense, to where alerts are sent. What kind of endpoint depends on the specific Provider type being used. For the generic Provider, for example, this is an HTTP/S address. For other Provider types this could be a project ID or a namespace.
- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CertSecretRef specifies the Secret containing a PEM-encoded CA certificate (in the `ca.crt` key).
 Note: Support for the `caFile` key has been deprecated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `channel` (String) Channel specifies the destination channel where events should be posted.
- `commit_status_expr` (String) CommitStatusExpr is a CEL expression that evaluates to a string value
that can be used to generate a custom commit status message for use
with eligible Provider types (github, gitlab, gitea, bitbucketserver,
bitbucket, azuredevops). Supported variables are: event, provider,
and alert.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Provider with its Secret references. Deprecated and not used in v1beta3.
- `proxy` (String) Proxy the HTTP/S address of the proxy server.
- `proxy_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ProxySecretRef specifies the Secret containing the proxy configuration
for this Provider. The Secret should contain an 'address' key with the
HTTP/S address of the proxy server. Optional 'username' and 'password'
keys can be provided for proxy authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the authentication credentials for this Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_ref))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the service account used to
authenticate with services from cloud providers. An error is thrown if a
static credential is also defined inside the Secret referenced by the
SecretRef.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this Provider.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for sending alerts to the Provider.
- `type` (String) Type specifies which Provider implementation to use.
- `username` (String) Username specifies the name under which events are posted.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
