---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_source_extensions_fluxcd_io_artifact_generator_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ArtifactGenerator is the Schema for the artifactgenerators API.
---

# kubefu_flux_source_extensions_fluxcd_io_artifact_generator_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ArtifactGenerator is the Schema for the artifactgenerators API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ArtifactGeneratorSpec defines the desired state of ArtifactGenerator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ArtifactGeneratorStatus defines the observed state of ArtifactGenerator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `artifacts` (Block List) OutputArtifacts is a list of output artifacts to be generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifacts))
- `sources` (Block List) Sources is a list of references to the Flux source-controller
resources that will be used to generate the artifact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sources))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifacts`

Optional:

- `copy` (Block List) Copy defines a list of copy operations to perform from the sources to the generated artifact.
The copy operations are performed in the order they are listed with existing files
being overwritten by later copy operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifacts--copy))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the generated artifact.
- `origin_revision` (String) OriginRevision is used to set the 'org.opencontainers.image.revision'
annotation on the generated artifact metadata.
If specified, it must point to an existing source alias in the format "@<alias>".
If the referenced source has an origin revision (e.g. a Git commit SHA),
it will be used to set the annotation on the generated artifact.
If the referenced source does not have an origin revision, the field is ignored.
- `revision` (String) Revision is the revision of the generated artifact.
If specified, it must point to an existing source alias in the format "@<alias>".
If not specified, the revision is automatically set to the digest of the artifact content.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifacts--copy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifacts.copy`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Exclude specifies a list of glob patterns to exclude
files and dirs matched by the 'From' field.
- `from` (String) From specifies the source (by alias) and the glob pattern to match files.
The format is "@<alias>/<glob-pattern>".
- `strategy` (String) Strategy specifies the copy strategy to use.
'Overwrite' will overwrite existing files in the destination.
'Merge' is for merging YAML files using Helm values merge strategy.
If not specified, defaults to 'Overwrite'.
- `to` (String) To specifies the destination path within the artifact.
The format is "@artifact/path", the alias "artifact"
refers to the root path of the generated artifact.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sources`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias of the source within the ArtifactGenerator context.
The alias must be unique per ArtifactGenerator, and must consist
of lower case alphanumeric characters, underscores, and hyphens.
It must start and end with an alphanumeric character.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the source.
- `name` (String) Name of the source.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the source.
If not provided, defaults to the same namespace as the ArtifactGenerator.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the ArtifactGenerator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `inventory` (Block List) Inventory contains the list of generated ExternalArtifact references. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--inventory))
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent
reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value
can be detected.
- `observed_sources_digest` (String) ObservedSourcesDigest is a hash representing the current state of
all the sources referenced by the ArtifactGenerator.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.


<a id="nestedblock--status--inventory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.inventory`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest of the referent artifact.
- `filename` (String) Filename is the name of the artifact file.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent artifact.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent artifact.
