---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API
---

# kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (List of Object) ReceiverSpec defines the desired state of Receiver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) ReceiverStatus defines the observed state of Receiver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `events` (List of String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--resources))
- `secret_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
