---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.
---

# kubefu_flux_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1 (Data Source)

Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) KustomizationSpec defines the configuration to calculate the desired state from a Source using Kustomize. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) KustomizationStatus defines the observed state of a kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `common_metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) CommonMetadata specifies the common labels and annotations that are applied to all resources. Any existing label or annotation will be overridden if its key matches a common one. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--common_metadata))
- `components` (List of String) Components specifies relative paths to specifications of other Components.
- `decryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Decrypt Kubernetes secrets before applying them on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--decryption))
- `deletion_policy` (String) DeletionPolicy can be used to control garbage collection when this
Kustomization is deleted. Valid values are ('MirrorPrune', 'Delete',
'Orphan'). 'MirrorPrune' mirrors the Prune field (orphan if false,
delete if true). Defaults to 'MirrorPrune'.
- `depends_on_` (Block List) DependsOn may contain a meta.NamespacedObjectReference slice with references to Kustomization resources that must be ready before this Kustomization can be reconciled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--depends_on_))
- `force` (Boolean) Force instructs the controller to recreate resources when patching fails due to an immutable field change.
- `health_check_exprs` (Block List) HealthCheckExprs is a list of healthcheck expressions for evaluating the
health of custom resources using Common Expression Language (CEL).
The expressions are evaluated only when Wait or HealthChecks are specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--health_check_exprs))
- `health_checks` (Block List) A list of resources to be included in the health assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--health_checks))
- `ignore_missing_components` (Boolean) IgnoreMissingComponents instructs the controller to ignore Components paths
not found in source by removing them from the generated kustomization.yaml
before running kustomize build.
- `images` (Block List) Images is a list of (image name, new name, new tag or digest) for changing image names, tags or digests. This can also be achieved with a patch, but this operator is simpler to specify. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--images))
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to reconcile the Kustomization.
- `kube_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The KubeConfig for reconciling the Kustomization on a remote cluster. When used in combination with KustomizationSpec.ServiceAccountName, forces the controller to act on behalf of that Service Account at the target cluster. If the --default-service-account flag is set, its value will be used as a controller level fallback for when KustomizationSpec.ServiceAccountName is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config))
- `name_prefix` (String) NamePrefix will prefix the names of all managed resources.
- `name_suffix` (String) NameSuffix will suffix the names of all managed resources.
- `patches` (Block List) Strategic merge and JSON patches, defined as inline YAML objects, capable of targeting objects based on kind, label and annotation selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patches))
- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the kustomization.yaml file, or the set of plain YAMLs a kustomization.yaml should be generated for. Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path of the SourceRef.
- `post_build` (Block List, Max: 1) PostBuild describes which actions to perform on the YAML manifest generated by building the kustomize overlay. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_build))
- `prune` (Boolean) Prune enables garbage collection.
- `retry_interval` (String) The interval at which to retry a previously failed reconciliation. When not specified, the controller uses the KustomizationSpec.Interval value to retry failures.
- `service_account_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes service account to impersonate when reconciling this Kustomization.
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference of the source where the kustomization file is. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent kustomize executions, it does not apply to already started executions. Defaults to false.
- `target_namespace` (String) TargetNamespace sets or overrides the namespace in the kustomization.yaml file.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for validation, apply and health checking operations. Defaults to 'Interval' duration.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait instructs the controller to check the health of all the reconciled resources. When enabled, the HealthChecks are ignored. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--common_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.common_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to the object's metadata.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to the object's metadata.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--decryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption`

Optional:

- `provider_` (String) Provider is the name of the decryption engine.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret name containing the private OpenPGP keys used for decryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--decryption--secret_ref))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the service account used to
authenticate with KMS services from cloud providers. If a
static credential for a given cloud provider is defined
inside the Secret referenced by SecretRef, that static
credential takes priority.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--decryption--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--depends_on_"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.depends_on_`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.
- `ready_expr` (String) ReadyExpr is a CEL expression that can be used to assess the readiness
of a dependency. When specified, the built-in readiness check
is replaced by the logic defined in the CEL expression.
To make the CEL expression additive to the built-in readiness check,
the feature gate `AdditiveCELDependencyCheck` must be set to `true`.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--health_check_exprs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check_exprs`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the custom resource under evaluation.
- `current` (String) Current is the CEL expression that determines if the status
of the custom resource has reached the desired state.
- `failed` (String) Failed is the CEL expression that determines if the status
of the custom resource has failed to reach the desired state.
- `in_progress` (String) InProgress is the CEL expression that determines if the status
of the custom resource has not yet reached the desired state.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the custom resource under evaluation.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_checks`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent, if not specified the Kubernetes preferred version will be used.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.images`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the value used to replace the original image tag. If digest is present NewTag value is ignored.
- `name` (String) Name is a tag-less image name.
- `new_name` (String) NewName is the value used to replace the original name.
- `new_tag` (String) NewTag is the value used to replace the original tag.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMapRef holds an optional name of a ConfigMap that contains
the following keys:

- `provider`: the provider to use. One of `aws`, `azure`, `gcp`, or
   `generic`. Required.
- `cluster`: the fully qualified resource name of the Kubernetes
   cluster in the cloud provider API. Not used by the `generic`
   provider. Required when one of `address` or `ca.crt` is not set.
- `address`: the address of the Kubernetes API server. Required
   for `generic`. For the other providers, if not specified, the
   first address in the cluster resource will be used, and if
   specified, it must match one of the addresses in the cluster
   resource.
   If audiences is not set, will be used as the audience for the
   `generic` provider.
- `ca.crt`: the optional PEM-encoded CA certificate for the
   Kubernetes API server. If not set, the controller will use the
   CA certificate from the cluster resource.
- `audiences`: the optional audiences as a list of
   line-break-separated strings for the Kubernetes ServiceAccount
   token. Defaults to the `address` for the `generic` provider, or
   to specific values for the other providers depending on the
   provider.
-  `serviceAccountName`: the optional name of the Kubernetes
   ServiceAccount in the same namespace that should be used
   for authentication. If not specified, the controller
   ServiceAccount will be used.

Mutually exclusive with SecretRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config--config_map_ref))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef holds the name of a secret that contains a key with the kubeconfig file as the value. If no key is set, the key will default to 'value'. It is recommended that the kubeconfig is self-contained, and the secret is regularly updated if credentials such as a cloud-access-token expire. Cloud specific `cmd-path` auth helpers will not function without adding binaries and credentials to the Pod that is responsible for reconciling Kubernetes resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config.config_map_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--kube_config--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key in the Secret, when not specified an implementation-specific default key is used.
- `name` (String) Name of the Secret.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches`

Optional:

- `patch` (String) Patch contains an inline StrategicMerge patch or an inline JSON6902 patch with an array of operation objects.
- `target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target points to the resources that the patch document should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patches--target))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--patches--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches.target`

Optional:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from. Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md



<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build`

Optional:

- `substitute` (Map of String) Substitute holds a map of key/value pairs. The variables defined in your YAML manifests that match any of the keys defined in the map will be substituted with the set value. Includes support for bash string replacement functions e.g. ${var:=default}, ${var:position} and ${var/substring/replacement}.
- `substitute_from` (Block List) SubstituteFrom holds references to ConfigMaps and Secrets containing the variables and their values to be substituted in the YAML manifests. The ConfigMap and the Secret data keys represent the var names, and they must match the vars declared in the manifests for the substitution to happen. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--post_build--substitute_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--post_build--substitute_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build.substitute_from`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the values referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the referring resource.
- `optional` (Boolean) Optional indicates whether the referenced resource must exist, or whether to tolerate its absence. If true and the referenced resource is absent, proceed as if the resource was present but empty, without any variables defined.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the namespace of the Kubernetes resource object that contains the reference.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `history` (Block List) History contains a set of snapshots of the last reconciliation attempts
tracking the revision, the state and the duration of each attempt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--history))
- `inventory` (Block List, Max: 1) Inventory contains the list of Kubernetes resource object references that have been successfully applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--inventory))
- `last_applied_origin_revision` (String) The last successfully applied origin revision.
Equals the origin revision of the applied Artifact from the referenced Source.
Usually present on the Metadata of the applied Artifact and depends on the
Source type, e.g. for OCI it's the value associated with the key
"org.opencontainers.image.revision".
- `last_applied_revision` (String) The last successfully applied revision. Equals the Revision of the applied Artifact from the referenced Source.
- `last_attempted_revision` (String) LastAttemptedRevision is the revision of the last reconciliation attempt.
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value can be detected.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last reconciled generation.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.history`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the checksum in the format `<algo>:<hex>` of the resources in this snapshot.
- `first_reconciled` (String) FirstReconciled is the time when this revision was first reconciled to the cluster.
- `last_reconciled` (String) LastReconciled is the time when this revision was last reconciled to the cluster.
- `last_reconciled_duration` (String) LastReconciledDuration is time it took to reconcile the resources in this revision.
- `last_reconciled_status` (String) LastReconciledStatus is the status of the last reconciliation.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata contains additional information about the snapshot.
- `total_reconciliations` (Number) TotalReconciliations is the total number of reconciliations that have occurred for this snapshot.


<a id="nestedblock--status--inventory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.inventory`

Optional:

- `entries` (Block List) Entries of Kubernetes resource object references. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--inventory--entries))

<a id="nestedblock--status--inventory--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.inventory.entries`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the string representation of the Kubernetes resource object's metadata, in the format '<namespace>_<name>_<group>_<kind>'.
- `v` (String) Version is the API version of the Kubernetes resource object's kind.
