---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.
---

# kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta2 (Data Source)

Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (List of Object) BucketSpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact for an object storage bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) BucketStatus records the observed state of a Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `access_from` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--access_from))
- `bucket_name` (String)
- `endpoint` (String)
- `ignore` (String)
- `insecure` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String)
- `provider_` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `secret_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean)
- `timeout` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Optional:

- `namespace_selectors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `artifact` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--artifact))
- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.artifact`

Optional:

- `checksum` (String)
- `last_update_time` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `revision` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `url` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
