---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_policy_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ImagePolicy is the Schema for the imagepolicies API
---

# kubefu_flux_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_policy_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ImagePolicy is the Schema for the imagepolicies API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ImagePolicySpec defines the parameters for calculating the ImagePolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ImagePolicyStatus defines the observed state of ImagePolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `filter_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) FilterTags enables filtering for only a subset of tags based on a set of rules. If no rules are provided, all the tags from the repository will be ordered and compared. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--filter_tags))
- `image_repository_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ImageRepositoryRef points at the object specifying the image being scanned (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--image_repository_ref))
- `policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Policy gives the particulars of the policy to be followed in selecting the most recent image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--filter_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter_tags`

Optional:

- `extract` (String) Extract allows a capture group to be extracted from the specified regular expression pattern, useful before tag evaluation.
- `pattern` (String) Pattern specifies a regular expression pattern used to filter for image tags.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--image_repository_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_repository_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent


<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy`

Optional:

- `alphabetical` (Block List, Max: 1) Alphabetical set of rules to use for alphabetical ordering of the tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy--alphabetical))
- `numerical` (Block List, Max: 1) Numerical set of rules to use for numerical ordering of the tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy--numerical))
- `semver` (Block List, Max: 1) SemVer gives a semantic version range to check against the tags available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy--semver))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy--alphabetical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy.alphabetical`

Optional:

- `order` (String) Order specifies the sorting order of the tags. Given the letters of the alphabet as tags, ascending order would select Z, and descending order would select A.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy--numerical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy.numerical`

Optional:

- `order` (String) Order specifies the sorting order of the tags. Given the integer values from 0 to 9 as tags, ascending order would select 9, and descending order would select 0.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy--semver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy.semver`

Optional:

- `range` (String) Range gives a semver range for the image tag; the highest version within the range that's a tag yields the latest image.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `latest_image` (String) LatestImage gives the first in the list of images scanned by the image repository, when filtered and ordered according to the policy.
- `observed_generation` (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
