---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) AlertStatus defines the observed state of Alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `event_severity` (String) Filter events based on severity, defaults to ('info'). If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `event_sources` (Block List) Filter events based on the involved objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--event_sources))
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) A list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `provider_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Send events using this provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_ref))
- `summary` (String) Short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent events dispatching. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last observed generation.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
