---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_external_artifact_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ExternalArtifact is the Schema for the external artifacts API
---

# kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_external_artifact_v1 (Data Source)

ExternalArtifact is the Schema for the external artifacts API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalArtifactSpec defines the desired state of ExternalArtifact (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ExternalArtifactStatus defines the observed state of ExternalArtifact (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef points to the Kubernetes custom resource for
which the artifact is generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent, if not specified the Kubernetes preferred version will be used.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Artifact represents the output of an ExternalArtifact reconciliation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--artifact))
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the ExternalArtifact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--status--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.artifact`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the digest of the file in the form of '<algorithm>:<checksum>'.
- `last_update_time` (String) LastUpdateTime is the timestamp corresponding to the last update of the
Artifact.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata holds upstream information such as OCI annotations.
- `path` (String) Path is the relative file path of the Artifact. It can be used to locate
the file in the root of the Artifact storage on the local file system of
the controller managing the Source.
- `revision` (String) Revision is a human-readable identifier traceable in the origin source
system. It can be a Git commit SHA, Git tag, a Helm chart version, etc.
- `size` (Number) Size is the number of bytes in the file.
- `url` (String) URL is the HTTP address of the Artifact as exposed by the controller
managing the Source. It can be used to retrieve the Artifact for
consumption, e.g. by another controller applying the Artifact contents.


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
