---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API
---

# kubefu_flux_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1beta2 (Data Source)

ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) ImageUpdateAutomationSpec defines the desired state of ImageUpdateAutomation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) ImageUpdateAutomationStatus defines the observed state of ImageUpdateAutomation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `git` (Block List, Max: 1) GitSpec contains all the git-specific definitions. This is
technically optional, but in practice mandatory until there are
other kinds of source allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git))
- `interval` (String) Interval gives an lower bound for how often the automation
run should be attempted.
- `policy_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) PolicySelector allows to filter applied policies based on labels.
By default includes all policies in namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy_selector))
- `source_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SourceRef refers to the resource giving access details
to a git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to not run this automation, until
it is unset (or set to false). Defaults to false.
- `update` (Block List, Max: 1) Update gives the specification for how to update the files in
the repository. This can be left empty, to use the default
value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--update))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git`

Optional:

- `checkout` (Block List, Max: 1) Checkout gives the parameters for cloning the git repository,
ready to make changes. If not present, the `spec.ref` field from the
referenced `GitRepository` or its default will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--checkout))
- `commit` (Block List, Max: 1) Commit specifies how to commit to the git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--commit))
- `push` (Block List, Max: 1) Push specifies how and where to push commits made by the
automation. If missing, commits are pushed (back) to
`.spec.checkout.branch` or its default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--push))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--checkout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.checkout`

Optional:

- `ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Reference gives a branch, tag or commit to clone from the Git
repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--checkout--ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--checkout--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.checkout.ref`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch to check out, defaults to 'master' if no other field is defined.
- `commit` (String) Commit SHA to check out, takes precedence over all reference fields.


This can be combined with Branch to shallow clone the branch, in which
the commit is expected to exist.
- `name` (String) Name of the reference to check out; takes precedence over Branch, Tag and SemVer.


It must be a valid Git reference: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format#_description
Examples: "refs/heads/main", "refs/tags/v0.1.0", "refs/pull/420/head", "refs/merge-requests/1/head"
- `semver` (String) SemVer tag expression to check out, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) Tag to check out, takes precedence over Branch.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit`

Optional:

- `author` (Block List, Max: 1) Author gives the email and optionally the name to use as the
author of commits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--commit--author))
- `message_template` (String) MessageTemplate provides a template for the commit message,
into which will be interpolated the details of the change made.
- `signing_key` (Block List, Max: 1) SigningKey provides the option to sign commits with a GPG key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--commit--signing_key))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--commit--author"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.author`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Email gives the email to provide when making a commit.
- `name` (String) Name gives the name to provide when making a commit.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--commit--signing_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.signing_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef holds the name to a secret that contains a 'git.asc' key
corresponding to the ASCII Armored file containing the GPG signing
keypair as the value. It must be in the same namespace as the
ImageUpdateAutomation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--git--commit--signing_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--commit--signing_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.signing_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--git--push"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.push`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch specifies that commits should be pushed to the branch
named. The branch is created using `.spec.checkout.branch` as the
starting point, if it doesn't already exist.
- `options` (Map of String) Options specifies the push options that are sent to the Git
server when performing a push operation. For details, see:
https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---push-optionltoptiongt
- `refspec` (String) Refspec specifies the Git Refspec to use for a push operation.
If both Branch and Refspec are provided, then the commit is pushed
to the branch and also using the specified refspec.
For more details about Git Refspecs, see:
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-The-Refspec



<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--policy_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels
map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the
operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--policy_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic
merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the namespace of the Kubernetes resource object that contains the reference.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update`

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the manifests to be updated.
Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path
of the GitRepositoryRef.
- `strategy` (String) Strategy names the strategy to be used.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `last_automation_run_time` (String) LastAutomationRunTime records the last time the controller ran
this automation through to completion (even if no updates were
made).
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent
reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value
can be detected.
- `last_push_commit` (String) LastPushCommit records the SHA1 of the last commit made by the
controller, for this automation object
- `last_push_time` (String) LastPushTime records the time of the last pushed change.
- `observed_generation` (Number)
- `observed_policies` (Map of String) ObservedPolicies is the list of observed ImagePolicies that were
considered by the ImageUpdateAutomation update process.
- `observed_source_revision` (String) ObservedPolicies []ObservedPolicy `json:"observedPolicies,omitempty"`
ObservedSourceRevision is the last observed source revision. This can be
used to determine if the source has been updated since last observation.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
---
Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be
useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important.
The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
