---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.
---

# kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1 (Data Source)

Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) BucketSpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact for
an object storage bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) BucketStatus records the observed state of a Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) BucketName is the name of the object storage bucket.
- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containing
either or both of

- a PEM-encoded client certificate (`tls.crt`) and private
key (`tls.key`);
- a PEM-encoded CA certificate (`ca.crt`)

and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the
bucket. The client cert and key are useful if you are
authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if
you are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret must
be of type `Opaque` or `kubernetes.io/tls`.

This field is only supported for the `generic` provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the object storage address the BucketName is located at.
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format
(which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used,
consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS HTTP Endpoint.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the Bucket Endpoint is checked for updates.
This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensure
efficient use of resources.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix to use for server-side filtering of files in the Bucket.
- `provider_` (String) Provider of the object storage bucket.
Defaults to 'generic', which expects an S3 (API) compatible object
storage.
- `proxy_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ProxySecretRef specifies the Secret containing the proxy configuration
to use while communicating with the Bucket server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region of the Endpoint where the BucketName is located in.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentials
for the Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_ref))
- `sts` (Block List, Max: 1) STS specifies the required configuration to use a Security Token
Service for fetching temporary credentials to authenticate in a
Bucket provider.

This field is only supported for the `aws` and `generic` providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sts))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this
Bucket.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for fetch operations, defaults to 60s.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containing
either or both of

- a PEM-encoded client certificate (`tls.crt`) and private
key (`tls.key`);
- a PEM-encoded CA certificate (`ca.crt`)

and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the
STS endpoint. The client cert and key are useful if you are
authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if
you are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret must
be of type `Opaque` or `kubernetes.io/tls`.

This field is only supported for the `ldap` provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sts--cert_secret_ref))
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the HTTP/S endpoint of the Security Token Service from
where temporary credentials will be fetched.
- `provider_` (String) Provider of the Security Token Service.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentials
for the STS endpoint. This Secret must contain the fields `username`
and `password` and is supported only for the `ldap` provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sts--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sts--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sts--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Artifact represents the last successful Bucket reconciliation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--artifact))
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent
reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value
can be detected.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last observed generation of the Bucket object.
- `observed_ignore` (String) ObservedIgnore is the observed exclusion patterns used for constructing
the source artifact.
- `url` (String) URL is the dynamic fetch link for the latest Artifact.
It is provided on a "best effort" basis, and using the precise
BucketStatus.Artifact data is recommended.

<a id="nestedblock--status--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.artifact`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the digest of the file in the form of '<algorithm>:<checksum>'.
- `last_update_time` (String) LastUpdateTime is the timestamp corresponding to the last update of the
Artifact.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata holds upstream information such as OCI annotations.
- `path` (String) Path is the relative file path of the Artifact. It can be used to locate
the file in the root of the Artifact storage on the local file system of
the controller managing the Source.
- `revision` (String) Revision is a human-readable identifier traceable in the origin source
system. It can be a Git commit SHA, Git tag, a Helm chart version, etc.
- `size` (Number) Size is the number of bytes in the file.
- `url` (String) URL is the HTTP address of the Artifact as exposed by the controller
managing the Source. It can be used to retrieve the Artifact for
consumption, e.g. by another controller applying the Artifact contents.


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
