---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OCIRepository is the Schema for the ocirepositories API
---

# kubefu_flux_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1 (Data Source)

OCIRepository is the Schema for the ocirepositories API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) OCIRepositorySpec defines the desired state of OCIRepository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) OCIRepositoryStatus defines the observed state of OCIRepository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containing
either or both of

- a PEM-encoded client certificate (`tls.crt`) and private
key (`tls.key`);
- a PEM-encoded CA certificate (`ca.crt`)

and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the
registry. The client cert and key are useful if you are
authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if
you are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret must
be of type `Opaque` or `kubernetes.io/tls`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format
(which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used,
consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS HTTP container registry.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the OCIRepository URL is checked for updates.
This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensure
efficient use of resources.
- `layer_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) LayerSelector specifies which layer should be extracted from the OCI artifact.
When not specified, the first layer found in the artifact is selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--layer_selector))
- `provider_` (String) The provider used for authentication, can be 'aws', 'azure', 'gcp' or 'generic'.
When not specified, defaults to 'generic'.
- `proxy_secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ProxySecretRef specifies the Secret containing the proxy configuration
to use while communicating with the container registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref))
- `ref` (Block List, Max: 1) The OCI reference to pull and monitor for changes,
defaults to the latest tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--ref))
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef contains the secret name containing the registry login
credentials to resolve image metadata.
The secret must be of type kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_ref))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount used to authenticate
the image pull if the service account has attached pull secrets. For more information:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `timeout` (String) The timeout for remote OCI Repository operations like pulling, defaults to 60s.
- `url` (String) URL is a reference to an OCI artifact repository hosted
on a remote container registry.
- `verify` (Block List, Max: 1) Verify contains the secret name containing the trusted public keys
used to verify the signature and specifies which provider to use to check
whether OCI image is authentic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--verify))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--layer_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.layer_selector`

Optional:

- `media_type` (String) MediaType specifies the OCI media type of the layer
which should be extracted from the OCI Artifact. The
first layer matching this type is selected.
- `operation` (String) Operation specifies how the selected layer should be processed.
By default, the layer compressed content is extracted to storage.
When the operation is set to 'copy', the layer compressed content
is persisted to storage as it is.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--proxy_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ref`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the image digest to pull, takes precedence over SemVer.
The value should be in the format 'sha256:<HASH>'.
- `semver` (String) SemVer is the range of tags to pull selecting the latest within
the range, takes precedence over Tag.
- `semver_filter` (String) SemverFilter is a regex pattern to filter the tags within the SemVer range.
- `tag` (String) Tag is the image tag to pull, defaults to latest.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Optional:

- `match_oidc_identity` (Block List) MatchOIDCIdentity specifies the identity matching criteria to use
while verifying an OCI artifact which was signed using Cosign keyless
signing. The artifact's identity is deemed to be verified if any of the
specified matchers match against the identity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--verify--match_oidc_identity))
- `provider_` (String) Provider specifies the technology used to sign the OCI Artifact.
- `secret_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) SecretRef specifies the Kubernetes Secret containing the
trusted public keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--verify--match_oidc_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.match_oidc_identity`

Optional:

- `issuer` (String) Issuer specifies the regex pattern to match against to verify
the OIDC issuer in the Fulcio certificate. The pattern must be a
valid Go regular expression.
- `subject` (String) Subject specifies the regex pattern to match against to verify
the identity subject in the Fulcio certificate. The pattern must
be a valid Go regular expression.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Artifact represents the output of the last successful OCI Repository sync. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--artifact))
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the OCIRepository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent
reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value
can be detected.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last observed generation.
- `observed_ignore` (String) ObservedIgnore is the observed exclusion patterns used for constructing
the source artifact.
- `observed_layer_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) ObservedLayerSelector is the observed layer selector used for constructing
the source artifact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--observed_layer_selector))
- `url` (String) URL is the download link for the artifact output of the last OCI Repository sync.

<a id="nestedblock--status--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.artifact`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the digest of the file in the form of '<algorithm>:<checksum>'.
- `last_update_time` (String) LastUpdateTime is the timestamp corresponding to the last update of the
Artifact.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata holds upstream information such as OCI annotations.
- `path` (String) Path is the relative file path of the Artifact. It can be used to locate
the file in the root of the Artifact storage on the local file system of
the controller managing the Source.
- `revision` (String) Revision is a human-readable identifier traceable in the origin source
system. It can be a Git commit SHA, Git tag, a Helm chart version, etc.
- `size` (Number) Size is the number of bytes in the file.
- `url` (String) URL is the HTTP address of the Artifact as exposed by the controller
managing the Source. It can be used to retrieve the Artifact for
consumption, e.g. by another controller applying the Artifact contents.


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.


<a id="nestedblock--status--observed_layer_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.observed_layer_selector`

Optional:

- `media_type` (String) MediaType specifies the OCI media type of the layer
which should be extracted from the OCI Artifact. The
first layer matching this type is selected.
- `operation` (String) Operation specifies how the selected layer should be processed.
By default, the layer compressed content is extracted to storage.
When the operation is set to 'copy', the layer compressed content
is persisted to storage as it is.
