---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta3 (Data Source)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `event_metadata` (Map of String) EventMetadata is an optional field for adding metadata to events dispatched by the controller. This can be used for enhancing the context of the event. If a field would override one already present on the original event as generated by the emitter, then the override doesn't happen, i.e. the original value is preserved, and an info log is printed.
- `event_severity` (String) EventSeverity specifies how to filter events based on severity. If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `event_sources` (Block List) EventSources specifies how to filter events based on the involved object kind, name and namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--event_sources))
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) ExclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `inclusion_list` (List of String) InclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for including messages.
- `provider_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ProviderRef specifies which Provider this Alert should use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_ref))
- `summary` (String) Summary holds a short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this Alert.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed. MatchLabels requires the name to be set to `*`.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent If multiple resources are targeted `*` may be set.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
