---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# kubefu_flux_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta2 (Data Source)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) AlertStatus defines the observed state of the Alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `event_metadata` (Map of String) EventMetadata is an optional field for adding metadata to events dispatched by the controller. This can be used for enhancing the context of the event. If a field would override one already present on the original event as generated by the emitter, then the override doesn't happen, i.e. the original value is preserved, and an info log is printed.
- `event_severity` (String) EventSeverity specifies how to filter events based on severity. If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `event_sources` (Block List) EventSources specifies how to filter events based on the involved object kind, name and namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--event_sources))
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) ExclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `inclusion_list` (List of String) InclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for including messages.
- `provider_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ProviderRef specifies which Provider this Alert should use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--provider_ref))
- `summary` (String) Summary holds a short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this Alert.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions holds the conditions for the Alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `last_handled_reconcile_at` (String) LastHandledReconcileAt holds the value of the most recent reconcile request value, so a change of the annotation value can be detected.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration is the last observed generation.

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
