---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.
  It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.
  Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations SHOULD add the gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.
  GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1 (Data Source)

GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.
 It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.
 Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations SHOULD add the `gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io` finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.
 GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status defines the current state of GatewayClass.
 Implementations MUST populate status on all GatewayClass resources which specify their controller name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is the name of the controller that is managing Gateways of this class. The value of this field MUST be a domain prefixed path.
 Example: "example.net/gateway-controller".
 This field is not mutable and cannot be empty.
 Support: Core
- `description` (String) Description helps describe a GatewayClass with more details.
- `parameters_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ParametersRef is a reference to a resource that contains the configuration parameters corresponding to the GatewayClass. This is optional if the controller does not require any additional configuration.
 ParametersRef can reference a standard Kubernetes resource, i.e. ConfigMap, or an implementation-specific custom resource. The resource can be cluster-scoped or namespace-scoped.
 If the referent cannot be found, the GatewayClass's "InvalidParameters" status condition will be true.
 Support: Implementation-specific (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--parameters_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--parameters_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. This field is required when referring to a Namespace-scoped resource and MUST be unset when referring to a Cluster-scoped resource.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions is the current status from the controller for this GatewayClass.
 Controllers should prefer to publish conditions using values of GatewayClassConditionType for the type of each Condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `supported_features` (Block List) SupportedFeatures is the set of features the GatewayClass support.
It MUST be sorted in ascending alphabetical order by the Name key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--supported_features))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--supported_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.supported_features`

Optional:

- `name` (String) FeatureName is used to describe distinct features that are covered by
conformance tests.
