---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.
  It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.
  Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations MUST add the gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.
  GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1beta1 (Data Source)

GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.
 It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.
 Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations MUST add the `gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io` finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.
 GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Spec defines the desired state of GatewayClass.

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Map of String) Status defines the current state of GatewayClass.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
