---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_backend_tls_policy_v1alpha3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  BackendTLSPolicy provides a way to configure how a Gateway
  connects to a Backend via TLS.
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_backend_tls_policy_v1alpha3 (Data Source)

BackendTLSPolicy provides a way to configure how a Gateway
connects to a Backend via TLS.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status defines the current state of BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `options` (Map of String) Options are a list of key/value pairs to enable extended TLS
configuration for each implementation. For example, configuring the
minimum TLS version or supported cipher suites.

A set of common keys MAY be defined by the API in the future. To avoid
any ambiguity, implementation-specific definitions MUST use
domain-prefixed names, such as `example.com/my-custom-option`.
Un-prefixed names are reserved for key names defined by Gateway API.

Support: Implementation-specific
- `target_refs` (Block List) TargetRefs identifies an API object to apply the policy to.
Only Services have Extended support. Implementations MAY support
additional objects, with Implementation Specific support.
Note that this config applies to the entire referenced resource
by default, but this default may change in the future to provide
a more granular application of the policy.

TargetRefs must be _distinct_. This means either that:

* They select different targets. If this is the case, then targetRef
  entries are distinct. In terms of fields, this means that the
  multi-part key defined by `group`, `kind`, and `name` must
  be unique across all targetRef entries in the BackendTLSPolicy.
* They select different sectionNames in the same target.

When more than one BackendTLSPolicy selects the same target and
sectionName, implementations MUST determine precedence using the
following criteria, continuing on ties:

* The older policy by creation timestamp takes precedence. For
  example, a policy with a creation timestamp of "2021-07-15
  01:02:03" MUST be given precedence over a policy with a
  creation timestamp of "2021-07-15 01:02:04".
* The policy appearing first in alphabetical order by {name}.
  For example, a policy named `bar` is given precedence over a
  policy named `baz`.

For any BackendTLSPolicy that does not take precedence, the
implementation MUST ensure the `Accepted` Condition is set to
`status: False`, with Reason `Conflicted`.

Support: Extended for Kubernetes Service

Support: Implementation-specific for any other resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--target_refs))
- `validation` (Block List, Max: 1) Validation contains backend TLS validation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. When
unspecified, this targetRef targets the entire resource. In the following
resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:

* Gateway: Listener name
* HTTPRoute: HTTPRouteRule name
* Service: Port name

If a SectionName is specified, but does not exist on the targeted object,
the Policy must fail to attach, and the policy implementation should record
a `ResolvedRefs` or similar Condition in the Policy's status.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate_refs` (Block List) CACertificateRefs contains one or more references to Kubernetes objects that
contain a PEM-encoded TLS CA certificate bundle, which is used to
validate a TLS handshake between the Gateway and backend Pod.

If CACertificateRefs is empty or unspecified, then WellKnownCACertificates must be
specified. Only one of CACertificateRefs or WellKnownCACertificates may be specified,
not both. If CACertificateRefs is empty or unspecified, the configuration for
WellKnownCACertificates MUST be honored instead if supported by the implementation.

A CACertificateRef is invalid if:

* It refers to a resource that cannot be resolved (e.g., the referenced resource
  does not exist) or is misconfigured (e.g., a ConfigMap does not contain a key
  named `ca.crt`). In this case, the Reason must be set to `InvalidCACertificateRef`
  and the Message of the Condition must indicate which reference is invalid and why.

* It refers to an unknown or unsupported kind of resource. In this case, the Reason
  must be set to `InvalidKind` and the Message of the Condition must explain which
  kind of resource is unknown or unsupported.

* It refers to a resource in another namespace. This may change in future
  spec updates.

Implementations MAY choose to perform further validation of the certificate
content (e.g., checking expiry or enforcing specific formats). In such cases,
an implementation-specific Reason and Message must be set for the invalid reference.

In all cases, the implementation MUST ensure the `ResolvedRefs` Condition on
the BackendTLSPolicy is set to `status: False`, with a Reason and Message
that indicate the cause of the error. Connections using an invalid
CACertificateRef MUST fail, and the client MUST receive an HTTP 5xx error
response. If ALL CACertificateRefs are invalid, the implementation MUST also
ensure the `Accepted` Condition on the BackendTLSPolicy is set to
`status: False`, with a Reason `NoValidCACertificate`.

A single CACertificateRef to a Kubernetes ConfigMap kind has "Core" support.
Implementations MAY choose to support attaching multiple certificates to
a backend, but this behavior is implementation-specific.

Support: Core - An optional single reference to a Kubernetes ConfigMap,
with the CA certificate in a key named `ca.crt`.

Support: Implementation-specific - More than one reference, other kinds
of resources, or a single reference that includes multiple certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs))
- `hostname` (String) Hostname is used for two purposes in the connection between Gateways and
backends:

1. Hostname MUST be used as the SNI to connect to the backend (RFC 6066).
2. Hostname MUST be used for authentication and MUST match the certificate
   served by the matching backend, unless SubjectAltNames is specified.
3. If SubjectAltNames are specified, Hostname can be used for certificate selection
   but MUST NOT be used for authentication. If you want to use the value
   of the Hostname field for authentication, you MUST add it to the SubjectAltNames list.

Support: Core
- `subject_alt_names` (Block List) SubjectAltNames contains one or more Subject Alternative Names.
When specified the certificate served from the backend MUST
have at least one Subject Alternate Name matching one of the specified SubjectAltNames.

Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--validation--subject_alt_names))
- `well_known_ca_certificates` (String) WellKnownCACertificates specifies whether system CA certificates may be used in
the TLS handshake between the gateway and backend pod.

If WellKnownCACertificates is unspecified or empty (""), then CACertificateRefs
must be specified with at least one entry for a valid configuration. Only one of
CACertificateRefs or WellKnownCACertificates may be specified, not both.
If an implementation does not support the WellKnownCACertificates field, or
the supplied value is not recognized, the implementation MUST ensure the
`Accepted` Condition on the BackendTLSPolicy is set to `status: False`, with
a Reason `Invalid`.

Support: Implementation-specific

<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation--ca_certificate_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.ca_certificate_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io".
When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example "HTTPRoute" or "Service".
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--validation--subject_alt_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.subject_alt_names`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname contains Subject Alternative Name specified in DNS name format.
Required when Type is set to Hostname, ignored otherwise.

Support: Core
- `type` (String) Type determines the format of the Subject Alternative Name. Always required.

Support: Core
- `uri` (String) URI contains Subject Alternative Name specified in a full URI format.
It MUST include both a scheme (e.g., "http" or "ftp") and a scheme-specific-part.
Common values include SPIFFE IDs like "spiffe://mycluster.example.com/ns/myns/sa/svc1sa".
Required when Type is set to URI, ignored otherwise.

Support: Core




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `ancestors` (Block List) Ancestors is a list of ancestor resources (usually Gateways) that are
associated with the policy, and the status of the policy with respect to
each ancestor. When this policy attaches to a parent, the controller that
manages the parent and the ancestors MUST add an entry to this list when
the controller first sees the policy and SHOULD update the entry as
appropriate when the relevant ancestor is modified.

Note that choosing the relevant ancestor is left to the Policy designers;
an important part of Policy design is designing the right object level at
which to namespace this status.

Note also that implementations MUST ONLY populate ancestor status for
the Ancestor resources they are responsible for. Implementations MUST
use the ControllerName field to uniquely identify the entries in this list
that they are responsible for.

Note that to achieve this, the list of PolicyAncestorStatus structs
MUST be treated as a map with a composite key, made up of the AncestorRef
and ControllerName fields combined.

A maximum of 16 ancestors will be represented in this list. An empty list
means the Policy is not relevant for any ancestors.

If this slice is full, implementations MUST NOT add further entries.
Instead they MUST consider the policy unimplementable and signal that
on any related resources such as the ancestor that would be referenced
here. For example, if this list was full on BackendTLSPolicy, no
additional Gateways would be able to reference the Service targeted by
the BackendTLSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--ancestors))

<a id="nestedblock--status--ancestors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors`

Optional:

- `ancestor_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) AncestorRef corresponds with a ParentRef in the spec that this
PolicyAncestorStatus struct describes the status of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref))
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions describes the status of the Policy with respect to the given Ancestor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--ancestors--conditions))
- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is a domain/path string that indicates the name of the
controller that wrote this status. This corresponds with the
controllerName field on GatewayClass.

Example: "example.net/gateway-controller".

The format of this field is DOMAIN "/" PATH, where DOMAIN and PATH are
valid Kubernetes names
(https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).

Controllers MUST populate this field when writing status. Controllers should ensure that
entries to status populated with their ControllerName are cleaned up when they are no
longer necessary.

<a id="nestedblock--status--ancestors--ancestor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.ancestor_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
When unspecified, "gateway.networking.k8s.io" is inferred.
To set the core API group (such as for a "Service" kind referent),
Group must be explicitly set to "" (empty string).

Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.

There are two kinds of parent resources with "Core" support:

* Gateway (Gateway conformance profile)
* Service (Mesh conformance profile, ClusterIP Services only)

Support for other resources is Implementation-Specific.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Support: Core
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, this refers
to the local namespace of the Route.

Note that there are specific rules for ParentRefs which cross namespace
boundaries. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly
allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example:
Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a
generic way to enable any other kind of cross-namespace reference.

Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets. It can be interpreted
differently based on the type of parent resource.

When the parent resource is a Gateway, this targets all listeners
listening on the specified port that also support this kind of Route(and
select this Route). It's not recommended to set `Port` unless the
networking behaviors specified in a Route must apply to a specific port
as opposed to a listener(s) whose port(s) may be changed. When both Port
and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener
must match both specified values.

Implementations MAY choose to support other parent resources.
Implementations supporting other types of parent resources MUST clearly
document how/if Port is interpreted.

For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful as
long as the parent resource accepts it partially. For example, Gateway
listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,
namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment
from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully
attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route,
the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.

Support: Extended
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. In the
following resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:

* Gateway: Listener name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName
are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match
both specified values.
* Service: Port name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName
are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match
both specified values.

Implementations MAY choose to support attaching Routes to other resources.
If that is the case, they MUST clearly document how SectionName is
interpreted.

When unspecified (empty string), this will reference the entire resource.
For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful if at
least one section in the parent resource accepts it. For example, Gateway
listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,
namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment from
the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully
attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, the
Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.

Support: Core


<a id="nestedblock--status--ancestors--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.ancestors.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
