---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_http_route_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HTTPRoute provides a way to route HTTP requests. This includes the capability to match requests by hostname, path, header, or query param. Filters can be used to specify additional processing steps. Backends specify where matching requests should be routed.
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_http_route_v1 (Data Source)

HTTPRoute provides a way to route HTTP requests. This includes the capability to match requests by hostname, path, header, or query param. Filters can be used to specify additional processing steps. Backends specify where matching requests should be routed.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of HTTPRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status defines the current state of HTTPRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames defines a set of hostnames that should match against the HTTP Host header to select a HTTPRoute used to process the request. Implementations MUST ignore any port value specified in the HTTP Host header while performing a match and (absent of any applicable header modification configuration) MUST forward this header unmodified to the backend.
 Valid values for Hostnames are determined by RFC 1123 definition of a hostname with 2 notable exceptions:
 1. IPs are not allowed. 2. A hostname may be prefixed with a wildcard label (`*.`). The wildcard label must appear by itself as the first label.
 If a hostname is specified by both the Listener and HTTPRoute, there must be at least one intersecting hostname for the HTTPRoute to be attached to the Listener. For example:
 * A Listener with `test.example.com` as the hostname matches HTTPRoutes that have either not specified any hostnames, or have specified at least one of `test.example.com` or `*.example.com`. * A Listener with `*.example.com` as the hostname matches HTTPRoutes that have either not specified any hostnames or have specified at least one hostname that matches the Listener hostname. For example, `*.example.com`, `test.example.com`, and `foo.test.example.com` would all match. On the other hand, `example.com` and `test.example.net` would not match.
 Hostnames that are prefixed with a wildcard label (`*.`) are interpreted as a suffix match. That means that a match for `*.example.com` would match both `test.example.com`, and `foo.test.example.com`, but not `example.com`.
 If both the Listener and HTTPRoute have specified hostnames, any HTTPRoute hostnames that do not match the Listener hostname MUST be ignored. For example, if a Listener specified `*.example.com`, and the HTTPRoute specified `test.example.com` and `test.example.net`, `test.example.net` must not be considered for a match.
 If both the Listener and HTTPRoute have specified hostnames, and none match with the criteria above, then the HTTPRoute is not accepted. The implementation must raise an 'Accepted' Condition with a status of `False` in the corresponding RouteParentStatus.
 In the event that multiple HTTPRoutes specify intersecting hostnames (e.g. overlapping wildcard matching and exact matching hostnames), precedence must be given to rules from the HTTPRoute with the largest number of:
 * Characters in a matching non-wildcard hostname. * Characters in a matching hostname.
 If ties exist across multiple Routes, the matching precedence rules for HTTPRouteMatches takes over.
 Support: Core
- `parent_refs` (Block List) ParentRefs references the resources (usually Gateways) that a Route wants to be attached to. Note that the referenced parent resource needs to allow this for the attachment to be complete. For Gateways, that means the Gateway needs to allow attachment from Routes of this kind and namespace. For Services, that means the Service must either be in the same namespace for a "producer" route, or the mesh implementation must support and allow "consumer" routes for the referenced Service. ReferenceGrant is not applicable for governing ParentRefs to Services - it is not possible to create a "producer" route for a Service in a different namespace from the Route.
 There are two kinds of parent resources with "Core" support:
 * Gateway (Gateway conformance profile)  This API may be extended in the future to support additional kinds of parent resources.
 ParentRefs must be _distinct_. This means either that:
 * They select different objects.  If this is the case, then parentRef entries are distinct. In terms of fields, this means that the multi-part key defined by `group`, `kind`, `namespace`, and `name` must be unique across all parentRef entries in the Route. * They do not select different objects, but for each optional field used, each ParentRef that selects the same object must set the same set of optional fields to different values. If one ParentRef sets a combination of optional fields, all must set the same combination.
 Some examples:
 * If one ParentRef sets `sectionName`, all ParentRefs referencing the same object must also set `sectionName`. * If one ParentRef sets `port`, all ParentRefs referencing the same object must also set `port`. * If one ParentRef sets `sectionName` and `port`, all ParentRefs referencing the same object must also set `sectionName` and `port`.
 It is possible to separately reference multiple distinct objects that may be collapsed by an implementation. For example, some implementations may choose to merge compatible Gateway Listeners together. If that is the case, the list of routes attached to those resources should also be merged.
 Note that for ParentRefs that cross namespace boundaries, there are specific rules. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example, Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a generic way to enable other kinds of cross-namespace reference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--parent_refs))
- `rules` (Block List) Rules are a list of HTTP matchers, filters and actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--parent_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When unspecified, "gateway.networking.k8s.io" is inferred. To set the core API group (such as for a "Service" kind referent), Group must be explicitly set to "" (empty string).
 Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
 There are two kinds of parent resources with "Core" support:
 * Gateway (Gateway conformance profile) * Service (Mesh conformance profile, experimental, ClusterIP Services only)
 Support for other resources is Implementation-Specific.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
 Support: Core
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, this refers to the local namespace of the Route.
 Note that there are specific rules for ParentRefs which cross namespace boundaries. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example: Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a generic way to enable any other kind of cross-namespace reference.

 Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets. It can be interpreted
differently based on the type of parent resource.


When the parent resource is a Gateway, this targets all listeners
listening on the specified port that also support this kind of Route(and
select this Route). It's not recommended to set `Port` unless the
networking behaviors specified in a Route must apply to a specific port
as opposed to a listener(s) whose port(s) may be changed. When both Port
and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener
must match both specified values.





Implementations MAY choose to support other parent resources.
Implementations supporting other types of parent resources MUST clearly
document how/if Port is interpreted.


For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful as
long as the parent resource accepts it partially. For example, Gateway
listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,
namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment
from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully
attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route,
the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.


Support: Extended
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. In the following resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:
 * Gateway: Listener Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. * Service: Port Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. Note that attaching Routes to Services as Parents is part of experimental Mesh support and is not supported for any other purpose.
 Implementations MAY choose to support attaching Routes to other resources. If that is the case, they MUST clearly document how SectionName is interpreted.
 When unspecified (empty string), this will reference the entire resource. For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful if at least one section in the parent resource accepts it. For example, Gateway listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind, namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.
 Support: Core


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `backend_refs` (Block List) BackendRefs defines the backend(s) where matching requests should be sent.
 Failure behavior here depends on how many BackendRefs are specified and how many are invalid.
 If *all* entries in BackendRefs are invalid, and there are also no filters specified in this route rule, *all* traffic which matches this rule MUST receive a 500 status code.
 See the HTTPBackendRef definition for the rules about what makes a single HTTPBackendRef invalid.
 When a HTTPBackendRef is invalid, 500 status codes MUST be returned for requests that would have otherwise been routed to an invalid backend. If multiple backends are specified, and some are invalid, the proportion of requests that would otherwise have been routed to an invalid backend MUST receive a 500 status code.
 For example, if two backends are specified with equal weights, and one is invalid, 50 percent of traffic must receive a 500. Implementations may choose how that 50 percent is determined.
 Support: Core for Kubernetes Service
 Support: Extended for Kubernetes ServiceImport
 Support: Implementation-specific for any other resource
 Support for weight: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs))
- `filters` (Block List) Filters define the filters that are applied to requests that match this rule.
 The effects of ordering of multiple behaviors are currently unspecified. This can change in the future based on feedback during the alpha stage.
 Conformance-levels at this level are defined based on the type of filter:
 - ALL core filters MUST be supported by all implementations. - Implementers are encouraged to support extended filters. - Implementation-specific custom filters have no API guarantees across implementations.
 Specifying the same filter multiple times is not supported unless explicitly indicated in the filter.
 All filters are expected to be compatible with each other except for the URLRewrite and RequestRedirect filters, which may not be combined. If an implementation can not support other combinations of filters, they must clearly document that limitation. In cases where incompatible or unsupported filters are specified and cause the `Accepted` condition to be set to status `False`, implementations may use the `IncompatibleFilters` reason to specify this configuration error.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters))
- `matches` (Block List) Matches define conditions used for matching the rule against incoming HTTP requests. Each match is independent, i.e. this rule will be matched if **any** one of the matches is satisfied.
 For example, take the following matches configuration:
 ``` matches: - path: value: "/foo" headers: - name: "version" value: "v2" - path: value: "/v2/foo" ```
 For a request to match against this rule, a request must satisfy EITHER of the two conditions:
 - path prefixed with `/foo` AND contains the header `version: v2` - path prefix of `/v2/foo`
 See the documentation for HTTPRouteMatch on how to specify multiple match conditions that should be ANDed together.
 If no matches are specified, the default is a prefix path match on "/", which has the effect of matching every HTTP request.
 Proxy or Load Balancer routing configuration generated from HTTPRoutes MUST prioritize matches based on the following criteria, continuing on ties. Across all rules specified on applicable Routes, precedence must be given to the match having:
 * "Exact" path match. * "Prefix" path match with largest number of characters. * Method match. * Largest number of header matches. * Largest number of query param matches.
 Note: The precedence of RegularExpression path matches are implementation-specific.
 If ties still exist across multiple Routes, matching precedence MUST be determined in order of the following criteria, continuing on ties:
 * The oldest Route based on creation timestamp. * The Route appearing first in alphabetical order by "{namespace}/{name}".
 If ties still exist within an HTTPRoute, matching precedence MUST be granted to the FIRST matching rule (in list order) with a match meeting the above criteria.
 When no rules matching a request have been successfully attached to the parent a request is coming from, a HTTP 404 status code MUST be returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--matches))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the route rule. This name MUST be unique within a Route if it is set.

Support: Extended
- `timeouts` (Block List, Max: 1) Timeouts defines the timeouts that can be configured for an HTTP request.

Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs`

Optional:

- `filters` (Block List) Filters defined at this level should be executed if and only if the request is being forwarded to the backend defined here.
 Support: Implementation-specific (For broader support of filters, use the Filters field in HTTPRouteRule.) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters))
- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io". When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example "Service".
 Defaults to "Service" when not specified.
 ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may live outside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about in terms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (see CVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOT support ExternalName Services.
 Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)
 Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.
 Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified, a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.
 Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource. Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In this case, the port number is the service port number, not the target port. For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referent resource or this field.
- `weight` (Number) Weight specifies the proportion of requests forwarded to the referenced backend. This is computed as weight/(sum of all weights in this BackendRefs list). For non-zero values, there may be some epsilon from the exact proportion defined here depending on the precision an implementation supports. Weight is not a percentage and the sum of weights does not need to equal 100.
 If only one backend is specified and it has a weight greater than 0, 100% of the traffic is forwarded to that backend. If weight is set to 0, no traffic should be forwarded for this entry. If unspecified, weight defaults to 1.
 Support for this field varies based on the context where used.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters`

Optional:

- `cors` (Block List, Max: 1) CORS defines a schema for a filter that responds to the
cross-origin request based on HTTP response header.

Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--cors))
- `extension_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ExtensionRef is an optional, implementation-specific extension to the "filter" behavior.  For example, resource "myroutefilter" in group "networking.example.net"). ExtensionRef MUST NOT be used for core and extended filters.
 This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule.
 Support: Implementation-specific (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--extension_ref))
- `request_header_modifier` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies request headers.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier))
- `request_mirror` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestMirror defines a schema for a filter that mirrors requests. Requests are sent to the specified destination, but responses from that destination are ignored.
 This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. Note that not all implementations will be able to support mirroring to multiple backends.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror))
- `request_redirect` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestRedirect defines a schema for a filter that responds to the request with an HTTP redirection.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_redirect))
- `response_header_modifier` (Block List, Max: 1) ResponseHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies response headers.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier))
- `type` (String) Type identifies the type of filter to apply. As with other API fields, types are classified into three conformance levels:
 - Core: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by "Support: Core" in this package, e.g. "RequestHeaderModifier". All implementations must support core filters.
 - Extended: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by "Support: Extended" in this package, e.g. "RequestMirror". Implementers are encouraged to support extended filters.
 - Implementation-specific: Filters that are defined and supported by specific vendors. In the future, filters showing convergence in behavior across multiple implementations will be considered for inclusion in extended or core conformance levels. Filter-specific configuration for such filters is specified using the ExtensionRef field. `Type` should be set to "ExtensionRef" for custom filters.
 Implementers are encouraged to define custom implementation types to extend the core API with implementation-specific behavior.
 If a reference to a custom filter type cannot be resolved, the filter MUST NOT be skipped. Instead, requests that would have been processed by that filter MUST receive a HTTP error response.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
- `url_rewrite` (Block List, Max: 1) URLRewrite defines a schema for a filter that modifies a request during forwarding.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--url_rewrite))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.cors`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) AllowCredentials indicates whether the actual cross-origin request allows
to include credentials.

When set to true, the gateway will include the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials`
response header with value true (case-sensitive).

When set to false or omitted the gateway will omit the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` entirely (this is the standard CORS
behavior).

Support: Extended
- `allow_headers` (List of String) AllowHeaders indicates which HTTP request headers are supported for
accessing the requested resource.

Header names are not case-sensitive.

Multiple header names in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

When the `AllowHeaders` field is configured with one or more headers, the
gateway must return the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
which value is present in the `AllowHeaders` field.

If any header name in the `Access-Control-Request-Headers` request header
is not included in the list of header names specified by the response
header `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`, it will present an error on the
client side.

If any header name in the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
does not recognize by the client, it will also occur an error on the
client side.

A wildcard indicates that the requests with all HTTP headers are allowed.
If config contains the wildcard "*" in allowHeaders and the request is
not credentialed, the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
can either use the `*` wildcard or the value of
Access-Control-Request-Headers from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowHeaders` field
is specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must specify one or more
HTTP headers in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response
header. The value of the header `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` is same as
the `Access-Control-Request-Headers` header provided by the client. If
the header `Access-Control-Request-Headers` is not included in the
request, the gateway will omit the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`
response header, instead of specifying the `*` wildcard.

Support: Extended
- `allow_methods` (List of String) AllowMethods indicates which HTTP methods are supported for accessing the
requested resource.

Valid values are any method defined by RFC9110, along with the special
value `*`, which represents all HTTP methods are allowed.

Method names are case-sensitive, so these values are also case-sensitive.
(See https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2616#section-5.1.1)

Multiple method names in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

A CORS-safelisted method is a method that is `GET`, `HEAD`, or `POST`.
(See https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-safelisted-method) The
CORS-safelisted methods are always allowed, regardless of whether they
are specified in the `AllowMethods` field.

When the `AllowMethods` field is configured with one or more methods, the
gateway must return the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header
which value is present in the `AllowMethods` field.

If the HTTP method of the `Access-Control-Request-Method` request header
is not included in the list of methods specified by the response header
`Access-Control-Allow-Methods`, it will present an error on the client
side.

If config contains the wildcard "*" in allowMethods and the request is
not credentialed, the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header
can either use the `*` wildcard or the value of
Access-Control-Request-Method from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowMethods` field
specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must specify one HTTP method
in the value of the Access-Control-Allow-Methods response header. The
value of the header `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` is same as the
`Access-Control-Request-Method` header provided by the client. If the
header `Access-Control-Request-Method` is not included in the request,
the gateway will omit the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header,
instead of specifying the `*` wildcard.

Support: Extended
- `allow_origins` (List of String) AllowOrigins indicates whether the response can be shared with requested
resource from the given `Origin`.

The `Origin` consists of a scheme and a host, with an optional port, and
takes the form `<scheme>://<host>(:<port>)`.

Valid values for scheme are: `http` and `https`.

Valid values for port are any integer between 1 and 65535 (the list of
available TCP/UDP ports). Note that, if not included, port `80` is
assumed for `http` scheme origins, and port `443` is assumed for `https`
origins. This may affect origin matching.

The host part of the origin may contain the wildcard character `*`. These
wildcard characters behave as follows:

* `*` is a greedy match to the _left_, including any number of
  DNS labels to the left of its position. This also means that
  `*` will include any number of period `.` characters to the
  left of its position.
* A wildcard by itself matches all hosts.

An origin value that includes _only_ the `*` character indicates requests
from all `Origin`s are allowed.

When the `AllowOrigins` field is configured with multiple origins, it
means the server supports clients from multiple origins. If the request
`Origin` matches the configured allowed origins, the gateway must return
the given `Origin` and sets value of the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` same as the `Origin` header provided by the
client.

The status code of a successful response to a "preflight" request is
always an OK status (i.e., 204 or 200).

If the request `Origin` does not match the configured allowed origins,
the gateway returns 204/200 response but doesn't set the relevant
cross-origin response headers. Alternatively, the gateway responds with
403 status to the "preflight" request is denied, coupled with omitting
the CORS headers. The cross-origin request fails on the client side.
Therefore, the client doesn't attempt the actual cross-origin request.

Conversely, if the request `Origin` matches one of the configured
allowed origins, the gateway sets the response header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` to the same value as the `Origin`
header provided by the client.

When config has the wildcard ("*") in allowOrigins, and the request
is not credentialed (e.g., it is a preflight request), the
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header either contains the
wildcard as well or the Origin from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowOrigins` field
specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must return a single origin
in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header,
instead of specifying the `*` wildcard. The value of the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` is same as the `Origin` header provided by
the client.

Support: Extended
- `expose_headers` (List of String) ExposeHeaders indicates which HTTP response headers can be exposed
to client-side scripts in response to a cross-origin request.

A CORS-safelisted response header is an HTTP header in a CORS response
that it is considered safe to expose to the client scripts.
The CORS-safelisted response headers include the following headers:
`Cache-Control`
`Content-Language`
`Content-Length`
`Content-Type`
`Expires`
`Last-Modified`
`Pragma`
(See https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-safelisted-response-header-name)
The CORS-safelisted response headers are exposed to client by default.

When an HTTP header name is specified using the `ExposeHeaders` field,
this additional header will be exposed as part of the response to the
client.

Header names are not case-sensitive.

Multiple header names in the value of the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

A wildcard indicates that the responses with all HTTP headers are exposed
to clients. The `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` response header can only
use `*` wildcard as value when the request is not credentialed.

When the `exposeHeaders` config field contains the "*" wildcard and
the request is credentialed, the gateway cannot use the `*` wildcard in
the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` response header.

Support: Extended
- `max_age` (Number) MaxAge indicates the duration (in seconds) for the client to cache the
results of a "preflight" request.

The information provided by the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` and
`Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response headers can be cached by the
client until the time specified by `Access-Control-Max-Age` elapses.

The default value of `Access-Control-Max-Age` response header is 5
(seconds).

When the `MaxAge` field is unspecified, the gateway sets the response
header "Access-Control-Max-Age: 5" by default.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.extension_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io". When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example "HTTPRoute" or "Service".
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Block List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the request before the action. It appends to any existing values associated with the header name.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: add: - name: "my-header" value: "bar,baz"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. The value of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the header names are case-insensitive (see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header1: foo my-header2: bar my-header3: baz
 Config: remove: ["my-header1", "my-header3"]
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header2: bar
- `set` (Block List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value) before the action.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: set: - name: "my-header" value: "bar"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_header_modifier.add`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_header_modifier.set`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_mirror`

Optional:

- `backend_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) BackendRef references a resource where mirrored requests are sent.
 Mirrored requests must be sent only to a single destination endpoint within this BackendRef, irrespective of how many endpoints are present within this BackendRef.
 If the referent cannot be found, this BackendRef is invalid and must be dropped from the Gateway. The controller must ensure the "ResolvedRefs" condition on the Route status is set to `status: False` and not configure this backend in the underlying implementation.
 If there is a cross-namespace reference to an *existing* object that is not allowed by a ReferenceGrant, the controller must ensure the "ResolvedRefs"  condition on the Route is set to `status: False`, with the "RefNotPermitted" reason and not configure this backend in the underlying implementation.
 In either error case, the Message of the `ResolvedRefs` Condition should be used to provide more detail about the problem.
 Support: Extended for Kubernetes Service
 Support: Implementation-specific for any other resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror--backend_ref))
- `fraction` (Block List, Max: 1) Fraction represents the fraction of requests that should be
mirrored to BackendRef.

Only one of Fraction or Percent may be specified. If neither field
is specified, 100% of requests will be mirrored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror--fraction))
- `percent` (Number) Percent represents the percentage of requests that should be
mirrored to BackendRef. Its minimum value is 0 (indicating 0% of
requests) and its maximum value is 100 (indicating 100% of requests).

Only one of Fraction or Percent may be specified. If neither field
is specified, 100% of requests will be mirrored.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror--backend_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_mirror.backend_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io". When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example "Service".
 Defaults to "Service" when not specified.
 ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may live outside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about in terms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (see CVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOT support ExternalName Services.
 Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)
 Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.
 Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified, a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.
 Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource. Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In this case, the port number is the service port number, not the target port. For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referent resource or this field.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_mirror--fraction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_mirror.fraction`

Optional:

- `denominator` (Number)
- `numerator` (Number)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_redirect`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the hostname to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response. When empty, the hostname in the `Host` header of the request is used.
 Support: Core
- `path` (Block List, Max: 1) Path defines parameters used to modify the path of the incoming request. The modified path is then used to construct the `Location` header. When empty, the request path is used as-is.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_redirect--path))
- `port` (Number) Port is the port to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response.
 If no port is specified, the redirect port MUST be derived using the following rules:
 * If redirect scheme is not-empty, the redirect port MUST be the well-known port associated with the redirect scheme. Specifically "http" to port 80 and "https" to port 443. If the redirect scheme does not have a well-known port, the listener port of the Gateway SHOULD be used. * If redirect scheme is empty, the redirect port MUST be the Gateway Listener port.
 Implementations SHOULD NOT add the port number in the 'Location' header in the following cases:
 * A Location header that will use HTTP (whether that is determined via the Listener protocol or the Scheme field) _and_ use port 80. * A Location header that will use HTTPS (whether that is determined via the Listener protocol or the Scheme field) _and_ use port 443.
 Support: Extended
- `scheme` (String) Scheme is the scheme to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response. When empty, the scheme of the request is used.
 Scheme redirects can affect the port of the redirect, for more information, refer to the documentation for the port field of this filter.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
 Support: Extended
- `status_code` (Number) StatusCode is the HTTP status code to be used in response.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
 Support: Core

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--request_redirect--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.request_redirect.path`

Optional:

- `replace_full_path` (String) ReplaceFullPath specifies the value with which to replace the full path of a request during a rewrite or redirect.
- `replace_prefix_match` (String) ReplacePrefixMatch specifies the value with which to replace the prefix match of a request during a rewrite or redirect. For example, a request to "/foo/bar" with a prefix match of "/foo" and a ReplacePrefixMatch of "/xyz" would be modified to "/xyz/bar".
 Note that this matches the behavior of the PathPrefix match type. This matches full path elements. A path element refers to the list of labels in the path split by the `/` separator. When specified, a trailing `/` is ignored. For example, the paths `/abc`, `/abc/`, and `/abc/def` would all match the prefix `/abc`, but the path `/abcd` would not.
 ReplacePrefixMatch is only compatible with a `PathPrefix` HTTPRouteMatch. Using any other HTTPRouteMatch type on the same HTTPRouteRule will result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`.
 Request Path | Prefix Match | Replace Prefix | Modified Path -------------|--------------|----------------|---------- /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo         | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz /foo/        | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/ /foo/bar     | /foo         | <empty string> | /bar /foo/        | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo         | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo/        | /foo         | /              | / /foo         | /foo         | /              | /
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of path modifier. Additional types may be added in a future release of the API.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.response_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Block List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the request before the action. It appends to any existing values associated with the header name.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: add: - name: "my-header" value: "bar,baz"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. The value of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the header names are case-insensitive (see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header1: foo my-header2: bar my-header3: baz
 Config: remove: ["my-header1", "my-header3"]
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header2: bar
- `set` (Block List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value) before the action.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: set: - name: "my-header" value: "bar"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.response_header_modifier.add`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--response_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.response_header_modifier.set`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--url_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.url_rewrite`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the value to be used to replace the Host header value during forwarding.
 Support: Extended
- `path` (Block List, Max: 1) Path defines a path rewrite.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--url_rewrite--path))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters--url_rewrite--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters.url_rewrite.path`

Optional:

- `replace_full_path` (String) ReplaceFullPath specifies the value with which to replace the full path of a request during a rewrite or redirect.
- `replace_prefix_match` (String) ReplacePrefixMatch specifies the value with which to replace the prefix match of a request during a rewrite or redirect. For example, a request to "/foo/bar" with a prefix match of "/foo" and a ReplacePrefixMatch of "/xyz" would be modified to "/xyz/bar".
 Note that this matches the behavior of the PathPrefix match type. This matches full path elements. A path element refers to the list of labels in the path split by the `/` separator. When specified, a trailing `/` is ignored. For example, the paths `/abc`, `/abc/`, and `/abc/def` would all match the prefix `/abc`, but the path `/abcd` would not.
 ReplacePrefixMatch is only compatible with a `PathPrefix` HTTPRouteMatch. Using any other HTTPRouteMatch type on the same HTTPRouteRule will result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`.
 Request Path | Prefix Match | Replace Prefix | Modified Path -------------|--------------|----------------|---------- /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo         | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz /foo/        | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/ /foo/bar     | /foo         | <empty string> | /bar /foo/        | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo         | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo/        | /foo         | /              | / /foo         | /foo         | /              | /
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of path modifier. Additional types may be added in a future release of the API.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters`

Optional:

- `cors` (Block List, Max: 1) CORS defines a schema for a filter that responds to the
cross-origin request based on HTTP response header.

Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--cors))
- `extension_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ExtensionRef is an optional, implementation-specific extension to the "filter" behavior.  For example, resource "myroutefilter" in group "networking.example.net"). ExtensionRef MUST NOT be used for core and extended filters.
 This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule.
 Support: Implementation-specific (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--extension_ref))
- `request_header_modifier` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies request headers.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier))
- `request_mirror` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestMirror defines a schema for a filter that mirrors requests. Requests are sent to the specified destination, but responses from that destination are ignored.
 This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. Note that not all implementations will be able to support mirroring to multiple backends.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror))
- `request_redirect` (Block List, Max: 1) RequestRedirect defines a schema for a filter that responds to the request with an HTTP redirection.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_redirect))
- `response_header_modifier` (Block List, Max: 1) ResponseHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies response headers.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier))
- `type` (String) Type identifies the type of filter to apply. As with other API fields, types are classified into three conformance levels:
 - Core: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by "Support: Core" in this package, e.g. "RequestHeaderModifier". All implementations must support core filters.
 - Extended: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by "Support: Extended" in this package, e.g. "RequestMirror". Implementers are encouraged to support extended filters.
 - Implementation-specific: Filters that are defined and supported by specific vendors. In the future, filters showing convergence in behavior across multiple implementations will be considered for inclusion in extended or core conformance levels. Filter-specific configuration for such filters is specified using the ExtensionRef field. `Type` should be set to "ExtensionRef" for custom filters.
 Implementers are encouraged to define custom implementation types to extend the core API with implementation-specific behavior.
 If a reference to a custom filter type cannot be resolved, the filter MUST NOT be skipped. Instead, requests that would have been processed by that filter MUST receive a HTTP error response.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
- `url_rewrite` (Block List, Max: 1) URLRewrite defines a schema for a filter that modifies a request during forwarding.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--url_rewrite))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.cors`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) AllowCredentials indicates whether the actual cross-origin request allows
to include credentials.

When set to true, the gateway will include the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials`
response header with value true (case-sensitive).

When set to false or omitted the gateway will omit the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` entirely (this is the standard CORS
behavior).

Support: Extended
- `allow_headers` (List of String) AllowHeaders indicates which HTTP request headers are supported for
accessing the requested resource.

Header names are not case-sensitive.

Multiple header names in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

When the `AllowHeaders` field is configured with one or more headers, the
gateway must return the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
which value is present in the `AllowHeaders` field.

If any header name in the `Access-Control-Request-Headers` request header
is not included in the list of header names specified by the response
header `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`, it will present an error on the
client side.

If any header name in the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
does not recognize by the client, it will also occur an error on the
client side.

A wildcard indicates that the requests with all HTTP headers are allowed.
If config contains the wildcard "*" in allowHeaders and the request is
not credentialed, the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header
can either use the `*` wildcard or the value of
Access-Control-Request-Headers from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowHeaders` field
is specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must specify one or more
HTTP headers in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response
header. The value of the header `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` is same as
the `Access-Control-Request-Headers` header provided by the client. If
the header `Access-Control-Request-Headers` is not included in the
request, the gateway will omit the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`
response header, instead of specifying the `*` wildcard.

Support: Extended
- `allow_methods` (List of String) AllowMethods indicates which HTTP methods are supported for accessing the
requested resource.

Valid values are any method defined by RFC9110, along with the special
value `*`, which represents all HTTP methods are allowed.

Method names are case-sensitive, so these values are also case-sensitive.
(See https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2616#section-5.1.1)

Multiple method names in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

A CORS-safelisted method is a method that is `GET`, `HEAD`, or `POST`.
(See https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-safelisted-method) The
CORS-safelisted methods are always allowed, regardless of whether they
are specified in the `AllowMethods` field.

When the `AllowMethods` field is configured with one or more methods, the
gateway must return the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header
which value is present in the `AllowMethods` field.

If the HTTP method of the `Access-Control-Request-Method` request header
is not included in the list of methods specified by the response header
`Access-Control-Allow-Methods`, it will present an error on the client
side.

If config contains the wildcard "*" in allowMethods and the request is
not credentialed, the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header
can either use the `*` wildcard or the value of
Access-Control-Request-Method from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowMethods` field
specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must specify one HTTP method
in the value of the Access-Control-Allow-Methods response header. The
value of the header `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` is same as the
`Access-Control-Request-Method` header provided by the client. If the
header `Access-Control-Request-Method` is not included in the request,
the gateway will omit the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` response header,
instead of specifying the `*` wildcard.

Support: Extended
- `allow_origins` (List of String) AllowOrigins indicates whether the response can be shared with requested
resource from the given `Origin`.

The `Origin` consists of a scheme and a host, with an optional port, and
takes the form `<scheme>://<host>(:<port>)`.

Valid values for scheme are: `http` and `https`.

Valid values for port are any integer between 1 and 65535 (the list of
available TCP/UDP ports). Note that, if not included, port `80` is
assumed for `http` scheme origins, and port `443` is assumed for `https`
origins. This may affect origin matching.

The host part of the origin may contain the wildcard character `*`. These
wildcard characters behave as follows:

* `*` is a greedy match to the _left_, including any number of
  DNS labels to the left of its position. This also means that
  `*` will include any number of period `.` characters to the
  left of its position.
* A wildcard by itself matches all hosts.

An origin value that includes _only_ the `*` character indicates requests
from all `Origin`s are allowed.

When the `AllowOrigins` field is configured with multiple origins, it
means the server supports clients from multiple origins. If the request
`Origin` matches the configured allowed origins, the gateway must return
the given `Origin` and sets value of the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` same as the `Origin` header provided by the
client.

The status code of a successful response to a "preflight" request is
always an OK status (i.e., 204 or 200).

If the request `Origin` does not match the configured allowed origins,
the gateway returns 204/200 response but doesn't set the relevant
cross-origin response headers. Alternatively, the gateway responds with
403 status to the "preflight" request is denied, coupled with omitting
the CORS headers. The cross-origin request fails on the client side.
Therefore, the client doesn't attempt the actual cross-origin request.

Conversely, if the request `Origin` matches one of the configured
allowed origins, the gateway sets the response header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` to the same value as the `Origin`
header provided by the client.

When config has the wildcard ("*") in allowOrigins, and the request
is not credentialed (e.g., it is a preflight request), the
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header either contains the
wildcard as well or the Origin from the request.

When the request is credentialed, the gateway must not specify the `*`
wildcard in the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header. When
also the `AllowCredentials` field is true and `AllowOrigins` field
specified with the `*` wildcard, the gateway must return a single origin
in the value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` response header,
instead of specifying the `*` wildcard. The value of the header
`Access-Control-Allow-Origin` is same as the `Origin` header provided by
the client.

Support: Extended
- `expose_headers` (List of String) ExposeHeaders indicates which HTTP response headers can be exposed
to client-side scripts in response to a cross-origin request.

A CORS-safelisted response header is an HTTP header in a CORS response
that it is considered safe to expose to the client scripts.
The CORS-safelisted response headers include the following headers:
`Cache-Control`
`Content-Language`
`Content-Length`
`Content-Type`
`Expires`
`Last-Modified`
`Pragma`
(See https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-safelisted-response-header-name)
The CORS-safelisted response headers are exposed to client by default.

When an HTTP header name is specified using the `ExposeHeaders` field,
this additional header will be exposed as part of the response to the
client.

Header names are not case-sensitive.

Multiple header names in the value of the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers`
response header are separated by a comma (",").

A wildcard indicates that the responses with all HTTP headers are exposed
to clients. The `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` response header can only
use `*` wildcard as value when the request is not credentialed.

When the `exposeHeaders` config field contains the "*" wildcard and
the request is credentialed, the gateway cannot use the `*` wildcard in
the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` response header.

Support: Extended
- `max_age` (Number) MaxAge indicates the duration (in seconds) for the client to cache the
results of a "preflight" request.

The information provided by the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` and
`Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response headers can be cached by the
client until the time specified by `Access-Control-Max-Age` elapses.

The default value of `Access-Control-Max-Age` response header is 5
(seconds).

When the `MaxAge` field is unspecified, the gateway sets the response
header "Access-Control-Max-Age: 5" by default.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.extension_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io". When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example "HTTPRoute" or "Service".
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Block List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the request before the action. It appends to any existing values associated with the header name.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: add: - name: "my-header" value: "bar,baz"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. The value of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the header names are case-insensitive (see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header1: foo my-header2: bar my-header3: baz
 Config: remove: ["my-header1", "my-header3"]
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header2: bar
- `set` (Block List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value) before the action.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: set: - name: "my-header" value: "bar"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_header_modifier.add`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_header_modifier.set`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_mirror`

Optional:

- `backend_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) BackendRef references a resource where mirrored requests are sent.
 Mirrored requests must be sent only to a single destination endpoint within this BackendRef, irrespective of how many endpoints are present within this BackendRef.
 If the referent cannot be found, this BackendRef is invalid and must be dropped from the Gateway. The controller must ensure the "ResolvedRefs" condition on the Route status is set to `status: False` and not configure this backend in the underlying implementation.
 If there is a cross-namespace reference to an *existing* object that is not allowed by a ReferenceGrant, the controller must ensure the "ResolvedRefs"  condition on the Route is set to `status: False`, with the "RefNotPermitted" reason and not configure this backend in the underlying implementation.
 In either error case, the Message of the `ResolvedRefs` Condition should be used to provide more detail about the problem.
 Support: Extended for Kubernetes Service
 Support: Implementation-specific for any other resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror--backend_ref))
- `fraction` (Block List, Max: 1) Fraction represents the fraction of requests that should be
mirrored to BackendRef.

Only one of Fraction or Percent may be specified. If neither field
is specified, 100% of requests will be mirrored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror--fraction))
- `percent` (Number) Percent represents the percentage of requests that should be
mirrored to BackendRef. Its minimum value is 0 (indicating 0% of
requests) and its maximum value is 100 (indicating 100% of requests).

Only one of Fraction or Percent may be specified. If neither field
is specified, 100% of requests will be mirrored.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror--backend_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_mirror.backend_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, "gateway.networking.k8s.io". When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example "Service".
 Defaults to "Service" when not specified.
 ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may live outside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about in terms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (see CVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOT support ExternalName Services.
 Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)
 Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.
 Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified, a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.
 Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource. Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In this case, the port number is the service port number, not the target port. For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referent resource or this field.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror--fraction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_mirror.fraction`

Optional:

- `denominator` (Number)
- `numerator` (Number)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_redirect`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the hostname to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response. When empty, the hostname in the `Host` header of the request is used.
 Support: Core
- `path` (Block List, Max: 1) Path defines parameters used to modify the path of the incoming request. The modified path is then used to construct the `Location` header. When empty, the request path is used as-is.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_redirect--path))
- `port` (Number) Port is the port to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response.
 If no port is specified, the redirect port MUST be derived using the following rules:
 * If redirect scheme is not-empty, the redirect port MUST be the well-known port associated with the redirect scheme. Specifically "http" to port 80 and "https" to port 443. If the redirect scheme does not have a well-known port, the listener port of the Gateway SHOULD be used. * If redirect scheme is empty, the redirect port MUST be the Gateway Listener port.
 Implementations SHOULD NOT add the port number in the 'Location' header in the following cases:
 * A Location header that will use HTTP (whether that is determined via the Listener protocol or the Scheme field) _and_ use port 80. * A Location header that will use HTTPS (whether that is determined via the Listener protocol or the Scheme field) _and_ use port 443.
 Support: Extended
- `scheme` (String) Scheme is the scheme to be used in the value of the `Location` header in the response. When empty, the scheme of the request is used.
 Scheme redirects can affect the port of the redirect, for more information, refer to the documentation for the port field of this filter.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
 Support: Extended
- `status_code` (Number) StatusCode is the HTTP status code to be used in response.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.
 Support: Core

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--request_redirect--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_redirect.path`

Optional:

- `replace_full_path` (String) ReplaceFullPath specifies the value with which to replace the full path of a request during a rewrite or redirect.
- `replace_prefix_match` (String) ReplacePrefixMatch specifies the value with which to replace the prefix match of a request during a rewrite or redirect. For example, a request to "/foo/bar" with a prefix match of "/foo" and a ReplacePrefixMatch of "/xyz" would be modified to "/xyz/bar".
 Note that this matches the behavior of the PathPrefix match type. This matches full path elements. A path element refers to the list of labels in the path split by the `/` separator. When specified, a trailing `/` is ignored. For example, the paths `/abc`, `/abc/`, and `/abc/def` would all match the prefix `/abc`, but the path `/abcd` would not.
 ReplacePrefixMatch is only compatible with a `PathPrefix` HTTPRouteMatch. Using any other HTTPRouteMatch type on the same HTTPRouteRule will result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`.
 Request Path | Prefix Match | Replace Prefix | Modified Path -------------|--------------|----------------|---------- /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo         | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz /foo/        | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/ /foo/bar     | /foo         | <empty string> | /bar /foo/        | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo         | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo/        | /foo         | /              | / /foo         | /foo         | /              | /
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of path modifier. Additional types may be added in a future release of the API.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Block List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the request before the action. It appends to any existing values associated with the header name.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: add: - name: "my-header" value: "bar,baz"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. The value of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the header names are case-insensitive (see https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header1: foo my-header2: bar my-header3: baz
 Config: remove: ["my-header1", "my-header3"]
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header2: bar
- `set` (Block List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value) before the action.
 Input: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: foo
 Config: set: - name: "my-header" value: "bar"
 Output: GET /foo HTTP/1.1 my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.add`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.set`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--url_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.url_rewrite`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the value to be used to replace the Host header value during forwarding.
 Support: Extended
- `path` (Block List, Max: 1) Path defines a path rewrite.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--url_rewrite--path))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--filters--url_rewrite--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.url_rewrite.path`

Optional:

- `replace_full_path` (String) ReplaceFullPath specifies the value with which to replace the full path of a request during a rewrite or redirect.
- `replace_prefix_match` (String) ReplacePrefixMatch specifies the value with which to replace the prefix match of a request during a rewrite or redirect. For example, a request to "/foo/bar" with a prefix match of "/foo" and a ReplacePrefixMatch of "/xyz" would be modified to "/xyz/bar".
 Note that this matches the behavior of the PathPrefix match type. This matches full path elements. A path element refers to the list of labels in the path split by the `/` separator. When specified, a trailing `/` is ignored. For example, the paths `/abc`, `/abc/`, and `/abc/def` would all match the prefix `/abc`, but the path `/abcd` would not.
 ReplacePrefixMatch is only compatible with a `PathPrefix` HTTPRouteMatch. Using any other HTTPRouteMatch type on the same HTTPRouteRule will result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`.
 Request Path | Prefix Match | Replace Prefix | Modified Path -------------|--------------|----------------|---------- /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo         | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz           | /xyz/bar /foo/bar     | /foo/        | /xyz/          | /xyz/bar /foo         | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz /foo/        | /foo         | /xyz           | /xyz/ /foo/bar     | /foo         | <empty string> | /bar /foo/        | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo         | /foo         | <empty string> | / /foo/        | /foo         | /              | / /foo         | /foo         | /              | /
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of path modifier. Additional types may be added in a future release of the API.
 Note that values may be added to this enum, implementations must ensure that unknown values will not cause a crash.
 Unknown values here must result in the implementation setting the Accepted Condition for the Route to `status: False`, with a Reason of `UnsupportedValue`.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--matches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches`

Optional:

- `headers` (Block List) Headers specifies HTTP request header matchers. Multiple match values are ANDed together, meaning, a request must match all the specified headers to select the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--headers))
- `method` (String) Method specifies HTTP method matcher. When specified, this route will be matched only if the request has the specified method.
 Support: Extended
- `path` (Block List, Max: 1) Path specifies a HTTP request path matcher. If this field is not specified, a default prefix match on the "/" path is provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--path))
- `query_params` (Block List) QueryParams specifies HTTP query parameter matchers. Multiple match values are ANDed together, meaning, a request must match all the specified query parameters to select the route.
 Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--query_params))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches.headers`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST be case insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, only the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to the case-insensitivity of header names, "foo" and "Foo" are considered equivalent.
 When a header is repeated in an HTTP request, it is implementation-specific behavior as to how this is represented. Generally, proxies should follow the guidance from the RFC: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7230.html#section-3.2.2 regarding processing a repeated header, with special handling for "Set-Cookie".
- `type` (String) Type specifies how to match against the value of the header.
 Support: Core (Exact)
 Support: Implementation-specific (RegularExpression)
 Since RegularExpression HeaderMatchType has implementation-specific conformance, implementations can support POSIX, PCRE or any other dialects of regular expressions. Please read the implementation's documentation to determine the supported dialect.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches.path`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type specifies how to match against the path Value.
 Support: Core (Exact, PathPrefix)
 Support: Implementation-specific (RegularExpression)
- `value` (String) Value of the HTTP path to match against.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--matches--query_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches.query_params`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP query param to be matched. This must be an exact string match. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-2.7.3).
 If multiple entries specify equivalent query param names, only the first entry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entries with an equivalent query param name MUST be ignored.
 If a query param is repeated in an HTTP request, the behavior is purposely left undefined, since different data planes have different capabilities. However, it is *recommended* that implementations should match against the first value of the param if the data plane supports it, as this behavior is expected in other load balancing contexts outside of the Gateway API.
 Users SHOULD NOT route traffic based on repeated query params to guard themselves against potential differences in the implementations.
- `type` (String) Type specifies how to match against the value of the query parameter.
 Support: Extended (Exact)
 Support: Implementation-specific (RegularExpression)
 Since RegularExpression QueryParamMatchType has Implementation-specific conformance, implementations can support POSIX, PCRE or any other dialects of regular expressions. Please read the implementation's documentation to determine the supported dialect.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP query param to be matched.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.timeouts`

Optional:

- `backend_request` (String) BackendRequest specifies a timeout for an individual request from the gateway
to a backend. This covers the time from when the request first starts being
sent from the gateway to when the full response has been received from the backend.

Setting a timeout to the zero duration (e.g. "0s") SHOULD disable the timeout
completely. Implementations that cannot completely disable the timeout MUST
instead interpret the zero duration as the longest possible value to which
the timeout can be set.

An entire client HTTP transaction with a gateway, covered by the Request timeout,
may result in more than one call from the gateway to the destination backend,
for example, if automatic retries are supported.

The value of BackendRequest must be a Gateway API Duration string as defined by
GEP-2257.  When this field is unspecified, its behavior is implementation-specific;
when specified, the value of BackendRequest must be no more than the value of the
Request timeout (since the Request timeout encompasses the BackendRequest timeout).

Support: Extended
- `request` (String) Request specifies the maximum duration for a gateway to respond to an HTTP request.
If the gateway has not been able to respond before this deadline is met, the gateway
MUST return a timeout error.

For example, setting the `rules.timeouts.request` field to the value `10s` in an
`HTTPRoute` will cause a timeout if a client request is taking longer than 10 seconds
to complete.

Setting a timeout to the zero duration (e.g. "0s") SHOULD disable the timeout
completely. Implementations that cannot completely disable the timeout MUST
instead interpret the zero duration as the longest possible value to which
the timeout can be set.

This timeout is intended to cover as close to the whole request-response transaction
as possible although an implementation MAY choose to start the timeout after the entire
request stream has been received instead of immediately after the transaction is
initiated by the client.

The value of Request is a Gateway API Duration string as defined by GEP-2257. When this
field is unspecified, request timeout behavior is implementation-specific.

Support: Extended




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `parents` (Block List) Parents is a list of parent resources (usually Gateways) that are associated with the route, and the status of the route with respect to each parent. When this route attaches to a parent, the controller that manages the parent must add an entry to this list when the controller first sees the route and should update the entry as appropriate when the route or gateway is modified.
 Note that parent references that cannot be resolved by an implementation of this API will not be added to this list. Implementations of this API can only populate Route status for the Gateways/parent resources they are responsible for.
 A maximum of 32 Gateways will be represented in this list. An empty list means the route has not been attached to any Gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--parents))

<a id="nestedblock--status--parents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions describes the status of the route with respect to the Gateway. Note that the route's availability is also subject to the Gateway's own status conditions and listener status.
 If the Route's ParentRef specifies an existing Gateway that supports Routes of this kind AND that Gateway's controller has sufficient access, then that Gateway's controller MUST set the "Accepted" condition on the Route, to indicate whether the route has been accepted or rejected by the Gateway, and why.
 A Route MUST be considered "Accepted" if at least one of the Route's rules is implemented by the Gateway.
 There are a number of cases where the "Accepted" condition may not be set due to lack of controller visibility, that includes when:
 * The Route refers to a non-existent parent. * The Route is of a type that the controller does not support. * The Route is in a namespace the controller does not have access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--parents--conditions))
- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is a domain/path string that indicates the name of the controller that wrote this status. This corresponds with the controllerName field on GatewayClass.
 Example: "example.net/gateway-controller".
 The format of this field is DOMAIN "/" PATH, where DOMAIN and PATH are valid Kubernetes names (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
 Controllers MUST populate this field when writing status. Controllers should ensure that entries to status populated with their ControllerName are cleaned up when they are no longer necessary.
- `parent_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ParentRef corresponds with a ParentRef in the spec that this RouteParentStatus struct describes the status of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--parents--parent_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--status--parents--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase. --- Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important. The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--parents--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.parents.parent_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When unspecified, "gateway.networking.k8s.io" is inferred. To set the core API group (such as for a "Service" kind referent), Group must be explicitly set to "" (empty string).
 Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
 There are two kinds of parent resources with "Core" support:
 * Gateway (Gateway conformance profile) * Service (Mesh conformance profile, experimental, ClusterIP Services only)
 Support for other resources is Implementation-Specific.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.
 Support: Core
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, this refers to the local namespace of the Route.
 Note that there are specific rules for ParentRefs which cross namespace boundaries. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example: Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a generic way to enable any other kind of cross-namespace reference.

 Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets. It can be interpreted
differently based on the type of parent resource.


When the parent resource is a Gateway, this targets all listeners
listening on the specified port that also support this kind of Route(and
select this Route). It's not recommended to set `Port` unless the
networking behaviors specified in a Route must apply to a specific port
as opposed to a listener(s) whose port(s) may be changed. When both Port
and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener
must match both specified values.





Implementations MAY choose to support other parent resources.
Implementations supporting other types of parent resources MUST clearly
document how/if Port is interpreted.


For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful as
long as the parent resource accepts it partially. For example, Gateway
listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,
namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment
from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully
attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route,
the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.


Support: Extended
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. In the following resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:
 * Gateway: Listener Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. * Service: Port Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. Note that attaching Routes to Services as Parents is part of experimental Mesh support and is not supported for any other purpose.
 Implementations MAY choose to support attaching Routes to other resources. If that is the case, they MUST clearly document how SectionName is interpreted.
 When unspecified (empty string), this will reference the entire resource. For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful if at least one section in the parent resource accepts it. For example, Gateway listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind, namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.
 Support: Core
