---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.
  Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.
  All cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Gateway-route attachment) require a ReferenceGrant.
  ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.
  Support: Core
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.
 Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.
 All cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Gateway-route attachment) require a ReferenceGrant.
 ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.
 Support: Core



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired state of ReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `from` (Block List) From describes the trusted namespaces and kinds that can reference the resources described in "To". Each entry in this list MUST be considered to be an additional place that references can be valid from, or to put this another way, entries MUST be combined using OR.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--from))
- `to` (Block List) To describes the resources that may be referenced by the resources described in "From". Each entry in this list MUST be considered to be an additional place that references can be valid to, or to put this another way, entries MUST be combined using OR.
 Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--to))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.
 Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent. Although implementations may support additional resources, the following types are part of the "Core" support level for this field.
 When used to permit a SecretObjectReference:
 * Gateway
 When used to permit a BackendObjectReference:
 * GRPCRoute * HTTPRoute * TCPRoute * TLSRoute * UDPRoute
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.
 Support: Core


<a id="nestedblock--spec--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.
 Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent. Although implementations may support additional resources, the following types are part of the "Core" support level for this field:
 * Secret when used to permit a SecretObjectReference * Service when used to permit a BackendObjectReference
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent. When unspecified, this policy refers to all resources of the specified Group and Kind in the local namespace.
