---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.
  Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.
  All cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Gateway-route attachment) require a ReferenceGrant.
  ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.
  Support: Core
---

# kubefu_gateway_api_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.
 Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.
 All cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Gateway-route attachment) require a ReferenceGrant.
 ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.
 Support: Core



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec defines the desired state of ReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `from` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--from))
- `to` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--to))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
