---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.
  StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.
---

# kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1 (Data Source)

StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.

StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `provisioner_` (String) Provisioner indicates the type of the provisioner.

### Optional

- `allow_volume_expansion` (Boolean) AllowVolumeExpansion shows whether the storage class allow volume expand
- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `mount_options` (List of String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with these mountOptions, e.g. ["ro", "soft"]. Not validated - mount of the PVs will simply fail if one is invalid.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters holds the parameters for the provisioner that should create volumes of this storage class.
- `reclaim_policy` (String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with this reclaimPolicy. Defaults to Delete.
- `volume_binding_mode` (String) VolumeBindingMode indicates how PersistentVolumeClaims should be provisioned and bound.  When unset, VolumeBindingImmediate is used. This field is alpha-level and is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
