---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_parameters_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClaimParameters defines resource requests for a ResourceClaim in an in-tree format understood by Kubernetes.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_parameters_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ResourceClaimParameters defines resource requests for a ResourceClaim in an in-tree format understood by Kubernetes.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `driver_requests` (Block List) DriverRequests describes all resources that are needed for the allocated claim. A single claim may use resources coming from different drivers. For each driver, this array has at most one entry which then may have one or more per-driver requests.

May be empty, in which case the claim can always be allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--driver_requests))
- `generated_from` (List of Object) If this object was created from some other resource, then this links back to that resource. This field is used to find the in-tree representation of the claim parameters when the parameter reference of the claim refers to some unknown type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--generated_from))
- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `shareable` (Boolean) Shareable indicates whether the allocated claim is meant to be shareable by multiple consumers at the same time.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--driver_requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_requests`

Optional:

- `driver_name` (String) DriverName is the name used by the DRA driver kubelet plugin.
- `requests` (Block List) Requests describes all resources that are needed from the driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--driver_requests--requests))
- `vendor_parameters` (Map of String) VendorParameters are arbitrary setup parameters for all requests of the claim. They are ignored while allocating the claim.

<a id="nestedblock--driver_requests--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_requests.requests`

Optional:

- `named_resources` (List of Object) NamedResources describes a request for resources with the named resources model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--driver_requests--requests--named_resources))
- `vendor_parameters` (Map of String) VendorParameters are arbitrary setup parameters for the requested resource. They are ignored while allocating a claim.

<a id="nestedatt--driver_requests--requests--named_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_requests.requests.named_resources`

Optional:

- `selector` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--generated_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `generated_from`

Optional:

- `api_group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
