---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_authorization_k8s_io_self_subject_rules_review_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SelfSubjectRulesReview enumerates the set of actions the current user can perform within a namespace. The returned list of actions may be incomplete depending on the server's authorization mode, and any errors experienced during the evaluation. SelfSubjectRulesReview should be used by UIs to show/hide actions, or to quickly let an end user reason about their permissions. It should NOT Be used by external systems to drive authorization decisions as this raises confused deputy, cache lifetime/revocation, and correctness concerns. SubjectAccessReview, and LocalAccessReview are the correct way to defer authorization decisions to the API server.
---

# kubefu_k8s_authorization_k8s_io_self_subject_rules_review_v1beta1 (Data Source)

SelfSubjectRulesReview enumerates the set of actions the current user can perform within a namespace. The returned list of actions may be incomplete depending on the server's authorization mode, and any errors experienced during the evaluation. SelfSubjectRulesReview should be used by UIs to show/hide actions, or to quickly let an end user reason about their permissions. It should NOT Be used by external systems to drive authorization decisions as this raises confused deputy, cache lifetime/revocation, and correctness concerns. SubjectAccessReview, and LocalAccessReview are the correct way to defer authorization decisions to the API server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Spec holds information about the request being evaluated.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Map of String) Status is filled in by the server and indicates the set of actions a user can perform.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
