---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ClusterRole is a cluster level, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding.
---

# kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ClusterRole is a cluster level, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) Rules holds all the PolicyRules for this ClusterRole (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Optional

- `aggregation_rule` (Map of String) AggregationRule is an optional field that describes how to build the Rules for this ClusterRole. If AggregationRule is set, then the Rules are controller managed and direct changes to Rules will be stomped by the controller.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`
