---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_authorization_k8s_io_local_subject_access_review_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  LocalSubjectAccessReview checks whether or not a user or group can perform an action in a given namespace. Having a namespace scoped resource makes it much easier to grant namespace scoped policy that includes permissions checking.
---

# kubefu_k8s_authorization_k8s_io_local_subject_access_review_v1 (Data Source)

LocalSubjectAccessReview checks whether or not a user or group can perform an action in a given namespace. Having a namespace scoped resource makes it much easier to grant namespace scoped policy that includes permissions checking.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Spec holds information about the request being evaluated.  spec.namespace must be equal to the namespace you made the request against.  If empty, it is defaulted.

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Map of String) Status is filled in by the server and indicates whether the request is allowed or not

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
