---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_initializer_configuration_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  InitializerConfiguration describes the configuration of initializers.
---

# kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_initializer_configuration_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

InitializerConfiguration describes the configuration of initializers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `initializers` (Block List) Initializers is a list of resources and their default initializers Order-sensitive. When merging multiple InitializerConfigurations, we sort the initializers from different InitializerConfigurations by the name of the InitializerConfigurations; the order of the initializers from the same InitializerConfiguration is preserved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--initializers))
- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initializers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the identifier of the initializer. It will be added to the object that needs to be initialized. Name should be fully qualified, e.g., alwayspullimages.kubernetes.io, where "alwayspullimages" is the name of the webhook, and kubernetes.io is the name of the organization. Required

Optional:

- `rules` (Block List) Rules describes what resources/subresources the initializer cares about. The initializer cares about an operation if it matches _any_ Rule. Rule.Resources must not include subresources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--initializers--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--initializers--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initializers.rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `api_versions` (List of String) APIVersions is the API versions the resources belong to. '*' is all versions. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to.

For example: 'pods' means pods. 'pods/log' means the log subresource of pods. '*' means all resources, but not subresources. 'pods/*' means all subresources of pods. '*/scale' means all scale subresources. '*/*' means all resources and their subresources.

If wildcard is present, the validation rule will ensure resources do not overlap with each other.

Depending on the enclosing object, subresources might not be allowed. Required.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
