---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CSINode holds information about all CSI drivers installed on a node. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSINode object directly. As long as they use the node-driver-registrar sidecar container, the kubelet will automatically populate the CSINode object for the CSI driver as part of kubelet plugin registration. CSINode has the same name as a node. If the object is missing, it means either there are no CSI Drivers available on the node, or the Kubelet version is low enough that it doesn't create this object. CSINode has an OwnerReference that points to the corresponding node object.
---

# kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1beta1 (Data Source)

CSINode holds information about all CSI drivers installed on a node. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSINode object directly. As long as they use the node-driver-registrar sidecar container, the kubelet will automatically populate the CSINode object for the CSI driver as part of kubelet plugin registration. CSINode has the same name as a node. If the object is missing, it means either there are no CSI Drivers available on the node, or the Kubelet version is low enough that it doesn't create this object. CSINode has an OwnerReference that points to the corresponding node object.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (List of Object) spec is the specification of CSINode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) metadata.name must be the Kubernetes node name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `drivers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--drivers))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--drivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drivers`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `node_id` (String)
- `topology_keys` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
