---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_binding_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RoleBinding references a role, but does not contain it.  It can reference a Role in the same namespace or a ClusterRole in the global namespace. It adds who information via Subjects and namespace information by which namespace it exists in.  RoleBindings in a given namespace only have effect in that namespace.
---

# kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_binding_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

RoleBinding references a role, but does not contain it.  It can reference a Role in the same namespace or a ClusterRole in the global namespace. It adds who information via Subjects and namespace information by which namespace it exists in.  RoleBindings in a given namespace only have effect in that namespace.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role_ref` (List of Object) RoleRef can reference a Role in the current namespace or a ClusterRole in the global namespace. If the RoleRef cannot be resolved, the Authorizer must return an error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_ref))
- `subjects` (Block List, Min: 1) Subjects holds references to the objects the role applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subjects))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ref`

Required:

- `api_group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are "User", "Group", and "ServiceAccount". If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion holds the API group and version of the referenced subject. Defaults to "v1" for ServiceAccount subjects. Defaults to "rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1alpha1" for User and Group subjects.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object.  If the object kind is non-namespace, such as "User" or "Group", and this value is not empty the Authorizer should report an error.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
