---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1alpha3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClaim describes a request for access to resources in the cluster, for use by workloads. For example, if a workload needs an accelerator device with specific properties, this is how that request is expressed. The status stanza tracks whether this claim has been satisfied and what specific resources have been allocated.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1alpha3 (Data Source)

ResourceClaim describes a request for access to resources in the cluster, for use by workloads. For example, if a workload needs an accelerator device with specific properties, this is how that request is expressed. The status stanza tracks whether this claim has been satisfied and what specific resources have been allocated.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Spec describes what is being requested and how to configure it. The spec is immutable.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object metadata
- `status` (Map of String) Status describes whether the claim is ready to use and what has been allocated.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
