---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.
---

# kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1beta1 (Data Source)

ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `webhooks` (Block List) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks`

Required:

- `client_config` (List of Object) ClientConfig defines how to communicate with the hook. Required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--client_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the admission webhook. Name should be fully qualified, e.g., imagepolicy.kubernetes.io, where "imagepolicy" is the name of the webhook, and kubernetes.io is the name of the organization. Required.

Optional:

- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors from the admission endpoint are handled - allowed values are Ignore or Fail. Defaults to Ignore.
- `namespace_selector` (List of Object) NamespaceSelector decides whether to run the webhook on an object based on whether the namespace for that object matches the selector. If the object itself is a namespace, the matching is performed on object.metadata.labels. If the object is another cluster scoped resource, it never skips the webhook.

For example, to run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is not associated with "runlevel" of "0" or "1";  you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "runlevel",
      "operator": "NotIn",
      "values": [
        "0",
        "1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

If instead you want to only run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is associated with the "environment" of "prod" or "staging"; you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "environment",
      "operator": "In",
      "values": [
        "prod",
        "staging"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more examples of label selectors.

Default to the empty LabelSelector, which matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector))
- `rules` (Block List) Rules describes what operations on what resources/subresources the webhook cares about. The webhook cares about an operation if it matches _any_ Rule. However, in order to prevent ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks from putting the cluster in a state which cannot be recovered from without completely disabling the plugin, ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks are never called on admission requests for ValidatingWebhookConfiguration and MutatingWebhookConfiguration objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config`

Required:

- `ca_bundle` (String)
- `service` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhooks--client_config--service))
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhooks--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `api_versions` (List of String) APIVersions is the API versions the resources belong to. '*' is all versions. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `operations` (List of String) Operations is the operations the admission hook cares about - CREATE, UPDATE, or * for all operations. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to.

For example: 'pods' means pods. 'pods/log' means the log subresource of pods. '*' means all resources, but not subresources. 'pods/*' means all subresources of pods. '*/scale' means all scale subresources. '*/*' means all resources and their subresources.

If wildcard is present, the validation rule will ensure resources do not overlap with each other.

Depending on the enclosing object, subresources might not be allowed. Required.
