---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_certificates_k8s_io_cluster_trust_bundle_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ClusterTrustBundle is a cluster-scoped container for X.509 trust anchors (root certificates).
  ClusterTrustBundle objects are considered to be readable by any authenticated user in the cluster, because they can be mounted by pods using the clusterTrustBundle projection.  All service accounts have read access to ClusterTrustBundles by default.  Users who only have namespace-level access to a cluster can read ClusterTrustBundles by impersonating a serviceaccount that they have access to.
  It can be optionally associated with a particular assigner, in which case it contains one valid set of trust anchors for that signer. Signers may have multiple associated ClusterTrustBundles; each is an independent set of trust anchors for that signer. Admission control is used to enforce that only users with permissions on the signer can create or modify the corresponding bundle.
---

# kubefu_k8s_certificates_k8s_io_cluster_trust_bundle_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

ClusterTrustBundle is a cluster-scoped container for X.509 trust anchors (root certificates).

ClusterTrustBundle objects are considered to be readable by any authenticated user in the cluster, because they can be mounted by pods using the `clusterTrustBundle` projection.  All service accounts have read access to ClusterTrustBundles by default.  Users who only have namespace-level access to a cluster can read ClusterTrustBundles by impersonating a serviceaccount that they have access to.

It can be optionally associated with a particular assigner, in which case it contains one valid set of trust anchors for that signer. Signers may have multiple associated ClusterTrustBundles; each is an independent set of trust anchors for that signer. Admission control is used to enforce that only users with permissions on the signer can create or modify the corresponding bundle.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (List of Object) spec contains the signer (if any) and trust anchors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) metadata contains the object metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `signer_name` (String)
- `trust_bundle` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
