---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_class_v1alpha3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DeviceClass is a vendor- or admin-provided resource that contains device configuration and selectors. It can be referenced in the device requests of a claim to apply these presets. Cluster scoped.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_class_v1alpha3 (Data Source)

DeviceClass is a vendor- or admin-provided resource that contains device configuration and selectors. It can be referenced in the device requests of a claim to apply these presets. Cluster scoped.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec defines what can be allocated and how to configure it.

This is mutable. Consumers have to be prepared for classes changing at any time, either because they get updated or replaced. Claim allocations are done once based on whatever was set in classes at the time of allocation.

Changing the spec automatically increments the metadata.generation number. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List) Config defines configuration parameters that apply to each device that is claimed via this class. Some classses may potentially be satisfied by multiple drivers, so each instance of a vendor configuration applies to exactly one driver.

They are passed to the driver, but are not considered while allocating the claim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config))
- `selectors` (Block List) Each selector must be satisfied by a device which is claimed via this class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selectors))
- `suitable_nodes` (Block List, Max: 1) Only nodes matching the selector will be considered by the scheduler when trying to find a Node that fits a Pod when that Pod uses a claim that has not been allocated yet *and* that claim gets allocated through a control plane controller. It is ignored when the claim does not use a control plane controller for allocation.

Setting this field is optional. If unset, all Nodes are candidates.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRAControlPlaneController feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config`

Optional:

- `opaque` (Block List, Max: 1) Opaque provides driver-specific configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--opaque))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--opaque"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.opaque`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is used to determine which kubelet plugin needs to be passed these configuration parameters.

An admission policy provided by the driver developer could use this to decide whether it needs to validate them.

Must be a DNS subdomain and should end with a DNS domain owned by the vendor of the driver.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters can contain arbitrary data. It is the responsibility of the driver developer to handle validation and versioning. Typically this includes self-identification and a version ("kind" + "apiVersion" for Kubernetes types), with conversion between different versions.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selectors`

Optional:

- `cel` (Block List, Max: 1) CEL contains a CEL expression for selecting a device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selectors--cel))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--selectors--cel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selectors.cel`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Expression is a CEL expression which evaluates a single device. It must evaluate to true when the device under consideration satisfies the desired criteria, and false when it does not. Any other result is an error and causes allocation of devices to abort.

The expression's input is an object named "device", which carries the following properties:
 - driver (string): the name of the driver which defines this device.
 - attributes (map[string]object): the device's attributes, grouped by prefix
   (e.g. device.attributes["dra.example.com"] evaluates to an object with all
   of the attributes which were prefixed by "dra.example.com".
 - capacity (map[string]object): the device's capacities, grouped by prefix.

Example: Consider a device with driver="dra.example.com", which exposes two attributes named "model" and "ext.example.com/family" and which exposes one capacity named "modules". This input to this expression would have the following fields:

    device.driver
    device.attributes["dra.example.com"].model
    device.attributes["ext.example.com"].family
    device.capacity["dra.example.com"].modules

The device.driver field can be used to check for a specific driver, either as a high-level precondition (i.e. you only want to consider devices from this driver) or as part of a multi-clause expression that is meant to consider devices from different drivers.

The value type of each attribute is defined by the device definition, and users who write these expressions must consult the documentation for their specific drivers. The value type of each capacity is Quantity.

If an unknown prefix is used as a lookup in either device.attributes or device.capacity, an empty map will be returned. Any reference to an unknown field will cause an evaluation error and allocation to abort.

A robust expression should check for the existence of attributes before referencing them.

For ease of use, the cel.bind() function is enabled, and can be used to simplify expressions that access multiple attributes with the same domain. For example:

    cel.bind(dra, device.attributes["dra.example.com"], dra.someBool && dra.anotherBool)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suitable_nodes`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Block List, Min: 1) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Block List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field, once the finalizers list is empty. As long as the finalizers list contains items, deletion is blocked. Once the deletionTimestamp is set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed. Finalizers may be processed and removed in any order.  Order is NOT enforced because it introduces significant risk of stuck finalizers. finalizers is a shared field, any actor with permission can reorder it. If the finalizer list is processed in order, then this can lead to a situation in which the component responsible for the first finalizer in the list is waiting for a signal (field value, external system, or other) produced by a component responsible for a finalizer later in the list, resulting in a deadlock. Without enforced ordering finalizers are free to order amongst themselves and are not vulnerable to ordering changes in the list.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will return a 409.

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) Deprecated: selfLink is a legacy read-only field that is no longer populated by the system.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is the name of the subresource used to update that object, or empty string if the object was updated through the main resource. The value of this field is used to distinguish between managers, even if they share the same name. For example, a status update will be distinct from a regular update using the same manager name. Note that the APIVersion field is not related to the Subresource field and it always corresponds to the version of the main resource.
- `time` (String) Time is the timestamp of when the ManagedFields entry was added. The timestamp will also be updated if a field is added, the manager changes any of the owned fields value or removes a field. The timestamp does not update when a field is removed from the entry because another manager took it over.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletion for how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.
