---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PriorityClass defines mapping from a priority class name to the priority integer value. The value can be any valid integer.
---

# kubefu_k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1 (Data Source)

PriorityClass defines mapping from a priority class name to the priority integer value. The value can be any valid integer.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `value` (Number) The value of this priority class. This is the actual priority that pods receive when they have the name of this class in their pod spec.

### Optional

- `description` (String) description is an arbitrary string that usually provides guidelines on when this priority class should be used.
- `global_default` (Boolean) globalDefault specifies whether this PriorityClass should be considered as the default priority for pods that do not have any priority class. Only one PriorityClass can be marked as `globalDefault`. However, if more than one PriorityClasses exists with their `globalDefault` field set to true, the smallest value of such global default PriorityClasses will be used as the default priority.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
