---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_certificates_k8s_io_certificate_signing_request_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CertificateSigningRequest objects provide a mechanism to obtain x509 certificates by submitting a certificate signing request, and having it asynchronously approved and issued.
  Kubelets use this API to obtain:
  client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client-kubelet" signerName).serving certificates for TLS endpoints kube-apiserver can connect to securely (with the "kubernetes.io/kubelet-serving" signerName).
  This API can be used to request client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client" signerName), or to obtain certificates from custom non-Kubernetes signers.
---

# kubefu_k8s_certificates_k8s_io_certificate_signing_request_v1 (Data Source)

CertificateSigningRequest objects provide a mechanism to obtain x509 certificates by submitting a certificate signing request, and having it asynchronously approved and issued.

Kubelets use this API to obtain:
 1. client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client-kubelet" signerName).
 2. serving certificates for TLS endpoints kube-apiserver can connect to securely (with the "kubernetes.io/kubelet-serving" signerName).

This API can be used to request client certificates to authenticate to kube-apiserver (with the "kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-client" signerName), or to obtain certificates from custom non-Kubernetes signers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (List of Object) spec contains the certificate request, and is immutable after creation. Only the request, signerName, and usages fields can be set on creation. Other fields are derived by Kubernetes and cannot be modified by users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (List of Object) status contains information about whether the request is approved or denied, and the certificate issued by the signer, or the failure condition indicating signer failure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `extra` (Map of String)
- `groups` (List of String)
- `request` (String)
- `signer_name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
- `usages` (List of String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `certificate` (String)
- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `last_update_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
