---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_driver_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CSIDriver captures information about a Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume driver deployed on the cluster. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSIDriver object directly. Instead they may use the cluster-driver-registrar sidecar container. When deployed with a CSI driver it automatically creates a CSIDriver object representing the driver. Kubernetes attach detach controller uses this object to determine whether attach is required. Kubelet uses this object to determine whether pod information needs to be passed on mount. CSIDriver objects are non-namespaced.
---

# kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_driver_v1beta1 (Data Source)

CSIDriver captures information about a Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume driver deployed on the cluster. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSIDriver object directly. Instead they may use the cluster-driver-registrar sidecar container. When deployed with a CSI driver it automatically creates a CSIDriver object representing the driver. Kubernetes attach detach controller uses this object to determine whether attach is required. Kubelet uses this object to determine whether pod information needs to be passed on mount. CSIDriver objects are non-namespaced.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Specification of the CSI Driver.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object metadata. metadata.Name indicates the name of the CSI driver that this object refers to; it MUST be the same name returned by the CSI GetPluginName() call for that driver. The driver name must be 63 characters or less, beginning and ending with an alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]) with dashes (-), dots (.), and alphanumerics between. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
