---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_networking_k8s_io_ip_address_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IPAddress represents a single IP of a single IP Family. The object is designed to be used by APIs that operate on IP addresses. The object is used by the Service core API for allocation of IP addresses. An IP address can be represented in different formats, to guarantee the uniqueness of the IP, the name of the object is the IP address in canonical format, four decimal digits separated by dots suppressing leading zeros for IPv4 and the representation defined by RFC 5952 for IPv6. Valid: 192.168.1.5 or 2001:db8::1 or 2001:db8:aaaa:bbbb:cccc:dddd:eeee:1 Invalid: 10.01.2.3 or 2001:db8:0:0:0::1
---

# kubefu_k8s_networking_k8s_io_ip_address_v1beta1 (Data Source)

IPAddress represents a single IP of a single IP Family. The object is designed to be used by APIs that operate on IP addresses. The object is used by the Service core API for allocation of IP addresses. An IP address can be represented in different formats, to guarantee the uniqueness of the IP, the name of the object is the IP address in canonical format, four decimal digits separated by dots suppressing leading zeros for IPv4 and the representation defined by RFC 5952 for IPv6. Valid: 192.168.1.5 or 2001:db8::1 or 2001:db8:aaaa:bbbb:cccc:dddd:eeee:1 Invalid: 10.01.2.3 or 2001:db8:0:0:0::1



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (List of Object) spec is the desired state of the IPAddress. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `parent_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--parent_ref))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `resource` (String)
