---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClass is used by administrators to influence how resources are allocated.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

ResourceClass is used by administrators to influence how resources are allocated.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `driver_name` (String) DriverName defines the name of the dynamic resource driver that is used for allocation of a ResourceClaim that uses this class.

Resource drivers have a unique name in forward domain order (acme.example.com).

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `parameters_ref` (List of Object) ParametersRef references an arbitrary separate object that may hold parameters that will be used by the driver when allocating a resource that uses this class. A dynamic resource driver can distinguish between parameters stored here and and those stored in ResourceClaimSpec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters_ref))
- `suitable_nodes` (List of Object) Only nodes matching the selector will be considered by the scheduler when trying to find a Node that fits a Pod when that Pod uses a ResourceClaim that has not been allocated yet.

Setting this field is optional. If null, all nodes are candidates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--suitable_nodes))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--parameters_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters_ref`

Optional:

- `api_group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--suitable_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suitable_nodes`

Optional:

- `node_selector_terms` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--suitable_nodes--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suitable_nodes.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)
