---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClaim describes a request for access to resources in the cluster, for use by workloads. For example, if a workload needs an accelerator device with specific properties, this is how that request is expressed. The status stanza tracks whether this claim has been satisfied and what specific resources have been allocated.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1beta2 (Data Source)

ResourceClaim describes a request for access to resources in the cluster, for use by workloads. For example, if a workload needs an accelerator device with specific properties, this is how that request is expressed. The status stanza tracks whether this claim has been satisfied and what specific resources have been allocated.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Spec describes what is being requested and how to configure it. The spec is immutable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status describes whether the claim is ready to use and what has been allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `devices` (Block List, Max: 1) Devices defines how to request devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List) This field holds configuration for multiple potential drivers which could satisfy requests in this claim. It is ignored while allocating the claim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--config))
- `constraints` (Block List) These constraints must be satisfied by the set of devices that get allocated for the claim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--constraints))
- `requests` (Block List) Requests represent individual requests for distinct devices which must all be satisfied. If empty, nothing needs to be allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.config`

Optional:

- `opaque` (Block List, Max: 1) Opaque provides driver-specific configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--config--opaque))
- `requests` (List of String) Requests lists the names of requests where the configuration applies. If empty, it applies to all requests.

References to subrequests must include the name of the main request and may include the subrequest using the format <main request>[/<subrequest>]. If just the main request is given, the configuration applies to all subrequests.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--config--opaque"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.config.opaque`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is used to determine which kubelet plugin needs to be passed these configuration parameters.

An admission policy provided by the driver developer could use this to decide whether it needs to validate them.

Must be a DNS subdomain and should end with a DNS domain owned by the vendor of the driver.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters can contain arbitrary data. It is the responsibility of the driver developer to handle validation and versioning. Typically this includes self-identification and a version ("kind" + "apiVersion" for Kubernetes types), with conversion between different versions.

The length of the raw data must be smaller or equal to 10 Ki.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.constraints`

Optional:

- `distinct_attribute` (String) DistinctAttribute requires that all devices in question have this attribute and that its type and value are unique across those devices.

This acts as the inverse of MatchAttribute.

This constraint is used to avoid allocating multiple requests to the same device by ensuring attribute-level differentiation.

This is useful for scenarios where resource requests must be fulfilled by separate physical devices. For example, a container requests two network interfaces that must be allocated from two different physical NICs.
- `match_attribute` (String) MatchAttribute requires that all devices in question have this attribute and that its type and value are the same across those devices.

For example, if you specified "dra.example.com/numa" (a hypothetical example!), then only devices in the same NUMA node will be chosen. A device which does not have that attribute will not be chosen. All devices should use a value of the same type for this attribute because that is part of its specification, but if one device doesn't, then it also will not be chosen.

Must include the domain qualifier.
- `requests` (List of String) Requests is a list of the one or more requests in this claim which must co-satisfy this constraint. If a request is fulfilled by multiple devices, then all of the devices must satisfy the constraint. If this is not specified, this constraint applies to all requests in this claim.

References to subrequests must include the name of the main request and may include the subrequest using the format <main request>[/<subrequest>]. If just the main request is given, the constraint applies to all subrequests.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name can be used to reference this request in a pod.spec.containers[].resources.claims entry and in a constraint of the claim.

References using the name in the DeviceRequest will uniquely identify a request when the Exactly field is set. When the FirstAvailable field is set, a reference to the name of the DeviceRequest will match whatever subrequest is chosen by the scheduler.

Must be a DNS label.

Optional:

- `exactly` (Block List, Max: 1) Exactly specifies the details for a single request that must be met exactly for the request to be satisfied.

One of Exactly or FirstAvailable must be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly))
- `first_available` (Block List) FirstAvailable contains subrequests, of which exactly one will be selected by the scheduler. It tries to satisfy them in the order in which they are listed here. So if there are two entries in the list, the scheduler will only check the second one if it determines that the first one can not be used.

DRA does not yet implement scoring, so the scheduler will select the first set of devices that satisfies all the requests in the claim. And if the requirements can be satisfied on more than one node, other scheduling features will determine which node is chosen. This means that the set of devices allocated to a claim might not be the optimal set available to the cluster. Scoring will be implemented later. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.exactly`

Required:

- `device_class_name` (String) DeviceClassName references a specific DeviceClass, which can define additional configuration and selectors to be inherited by this request.

A DeviceClassName is required.

Administrators may use this to restrict which devices may get requested by only installing classes with selectors for permitted devices. If users are free to request anything without restrictions, then administrators can create an empty DeviceClass for users to reference.

Optional:

- `admin_access` (Boolean) AdminAccess indicates that this is a claim for administrative access to the device(s). Claims with AdminAccess are expected to be used for monitoring or other management services for a device.  They ignore all ordinary claims to the device with respect to access modes and any resource allocations.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRAAdminAccess feature gate. Admin access is disabled if this field is unset or set to false, otherwise it is enabled.
- `allocation_mode` (String) AllocationMode and its related fields define how devices are allocated to satisfy this request. Supported values are:

- ExactCount: This request is for a specific number of devices.
  This is the default. The exact number is provided in the
  count field.

- All: This request is for all of the matching devices in a pool.
  At least one device must exist on the node for the allocation to succeed.
  Allocation will fail if some devices are already allocated,
  unless adminAccess is requested.

If AllocationMode is not specified, the default mode is ExactCount. If the mode is ExactCount and count is not specified, the default count is one. Any other requests must specify this field.

More modes may get added in the future. Clients must refuse to handle requests with unknown modes.
- `capacity` (Block List, Max: 1) Capacity define resource requirements against each capacity.

If this field is unset and the device supports multiple allocations, the default value will be applied to each capacity according to requestPolicy. For the capacity that has no requestPolicy, default is the full capacity value.

Applies to each device allocation. If Count > 1, the request fails if there aren't enough devices that meet the requirements. If AllocationMode is set to All, the request fails if there are devices that otherwise match the request, and have this capacity, with a value >= the requested amount, but which cannot be allocated to this request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--capacity))
- `count_` (Number) Count is used only when the count mode is "ExactCount". Must be greater than zero. If AllocationMode is ExactCount and this field is not specified, the default is one.
- `selectors` (Block List) Selectors define criteria which must be satisfied by a specific device in order for that device to be considered for this request. All selectors must be satisfied for a device to be considered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--selectors))
- `tolerations` (Block List) If specified, the request's tolerations.

Tolerations for NoSchedule are required to allocate a device which has a taint with that effect. The same applies to NoExecute.

In addition, should any of the allocated devices get tainted with NoExecute after allocation and that effect is not tolerated, then all pods consuming the ResourceClaim get deleted to evict them. The scheduler will not let new pods reserve the claim while it has these tainted devices. Once all pods are evicted, the claim will get deallocated.

The maximum number of tolerations is 16.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceTaints feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--tolerations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.exactly.capacity`

Optional:

- `requests` (Map of String) Requests represent individual device resource requests for distinct resources, all of which must be provided by the device.

This value is used as an additional filtering condition against the available capacity on the device. This is semantically equivalent to a CEL selector with `device.capacity[<domain>].<name>.compareTo(quantity(<request quantity>)) >= 0`. For example, device.capacity['test-driver.cdi.k8s.io'].counters.compareTo(quantity('2')) >= 0.

When a requestPolicy is defined, the requested amount is adjusted upward to the nearest valid value based on the policy. If the requested amount cannot be adjusted to a valid value—because it exceeds what the requestPolicy allows— the device is considered ineligible for allocation.

For any capacity that is not explicitly requested: - If no requestPolicy is set, the default consumed capacity is equal to the full device capacity
  (i.e., the whole device is claimed).
- If a requestPolicy is set, the default consumed capacity is determined according to that policy.

If the device allows multiple allocation, the aggregated amount across all requests must not exceed the capacity value. The consumed capacity, which may be adjusted based on the requestPolicy if defined, is recorded in the resource claim’s status.devices[*].consumedCapacity field.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.exactly.selectors`

Optional:

- `cel` (Block List, Max: 1) CEL contains a CEL expression for selecting a device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--selectors--cel))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--selectors--cel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.exactly.selectors.cel`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Expression is a CEL expression which evaluates a single device. It must evaluate to true when the device under consideration satisfies the desired criteria, and false when it does not. Any other result is an error and causes allocation of devices to abort.

The expression's input is an object named "device", which carries the following properties:
 - driver (string): the name of the driver which defines this device.
 - attributes (map[string]object): the device's attributes, grouped by prefix
   (e.g. device.attributes["dra.example.com"] evaluates to an object with all
   of the attributes which were prefixed by "dra.example.com".
 - capacity (map[string]object): the device's capacities, grouped by prefix.

Example: Consider a device with driver="dra.example.com", which exposes two attributes named "model" and "ext.example.com/family" and which exposes one capacity named "modules". This input to this expression would have the following fields:

    device.driver
    device.attributes["dra.example.com"].model
    device.attributes["ext.example.com"].family
    device.capacity["dra.example.com"].modules

The device.driver field can be used to check for a specific driver, either as a high-level precondition (i.e. you only want to consider devices from this driver) or as part of a multi-clause expression that is meant to consider devices from different drivers.

The value type of each attribute is defined by the device definition, and users who write these expressions must consult the documentation for their specific drivers. The value type of each capacity is Quantity.

If an unknown prefix is used as a lookup in either device.attributes or device.capacity, an empty map will be returned. Any reference to an unknown field will cause an evaluation error and allocation to abort.

A robust expression should check for the existence of attributes before referencing them.

For ease of use, the cel.bind() function is enabled, and can be used to simplify expressions that access multiple attributes with the same domain. For example:

    cel.bind(dra, device.attributes["dra.example.com"], dra.someBool && dra.anotherBool)

The length of the expression must be smaller or equal to 10 Ki. The cost of evaluating it is also limited based on the estimated number of logical steps.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--exactly--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.exactly.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys. Must be a label name.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a ResourceClaim can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system. If larger than zero, the time when the pod needs to be evicted is calculated as <time when taint was adedd> + <toleration seconds>.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value must be empty, otherwise just a regular string. Must be a label value.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.first_available`

Required:

- `device_class_name` (String) DeviceClassName references a specific DeviceClass, which can define additional configuration and selectors to be inherited by this subrequest.

A class is required. Which classes are available depends on the cluster.

Administrators may use this to restrict which devices may get requested by only installing classes with selectors for permitted devices. If users are free to request anything without restrictions, then administrators can create an empty DeviceClass for users to reference.
- `name` (String) Name can be used to reference this subrequest in the list of constraints or the list of configurations for the claim. References must use the format <main request>/<subrequest>.

Must be a DNS label.

Optional:

- `allocation_mode` (String) AllocationMode and its related fields define how devices are allocated to satisfy this subrequest. Supported values are:

- ExactCount: This request is for a specific number of devices.
  This is the default. The exact number is provided in the
  count field.

- All: This subrequest is for all of the matching devices in a pool.
  Allocation will fail if some devices are already allocated,
  unless adminAccess is requested.

If AllocationMode is not specified, the default mode is ExactCount. If the mode is ExactCount and count is not specified, the default count is one. Any other subrequests must specify this field.

More modes may get added in the future. Clients must refuse to handle requests with unknown modes.
- `capacity` (Block List, Max: 1) Capacity define resource requirements against each capacity.

If this field is unset and the device supports multiple allocations, the default value will be applied to each capacity according to requestPolicy. For the capacity that has no requestPolicy, default is the full capacity value.

Applies to each device allocation. If Count > 1, the request fails if there aren't enough devices that meet the requirements. If AllocationMode is set to All, the request fails if there are devices that otherwise match the request, and have this capacity, with a value >= the requested amount, but which cannot be allocated to this request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--capacity))
- `count_` (Number) Count is used only when the count mode is "ExactCount". Must be greater than zero. If AllocationMode is ExactCount and this field is not specified, the default is one.
- `selectors` (Block List) Selectors define criteria which must be satisfied by a specific device in order for that device to be considered for this subrequest. All selectors must be satisfied for a device to be considered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--selectors))
- `tolerations` (Block List) If specified, the request's tolerations.

Tolerations for NoSchedule are required to allocate a device which has a taint with that effect. The same applies to NoExecute.

In addition, should any of the allocated devices get tainted with NoExecute after allocation and that effect is not tolerated, then all pods consuming the ResourceClaim get deleted to evict them. The scheduler will not let new pods reserve the claim while it has these tainted devices. Once all pods are evicted, the claim will get deallocated.

The maximum number of tolerations is 16.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceTaints feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--tolerations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.first_available.capacity`

Optional:

- `requests` (Map of String) Requests represent individual device resource requests for distinct resources, all of which must be provided by the device.

This value is used as an additional filtering condition against the available capacity on the device. This is semantically equivalent to a CEL selector with `device.capacity[<domain>].<name>.compareTo(quantity(<request quantity>)) >= 0`. For example, device.capacity['test-driver.cdi.k8s.io'].counters.compareTo(quantity('2')) >= 0.

When a requestPolicy is defined, the requested amount is adjusted upward to the nearest valid value based on the policy. If the requested amount cannot be adjusted to a valid value—because it exceeds what the requestPolicy allows— the device is considered ineligible for allocation.

For any capacity that is not explicitly requested: - If no requestPolicy is set, the default consumed capacity is equal to the full device capacity
  (i.e., the whole device is claimed).
- If a requestPolicy is set, the default consumed capacity is determined according to that policy.

If the device allows multiple allocation, the aggregated amount across all requests must not exceed the capacity value. The consumed capacity, which may be adjusted based on the requestPolicy if defined, is recorded in the resource claim’s status.devices[*].consumedCapacity field.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.first_available.selectors`

Optional:

- `cel` (Block List, Max: 1) CEL contains a CEL expression for selecting a device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--selectors--cel))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--selectors--cel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.first_available.selectors.cel`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Expression is a CEL expression which evaluates a single device. It must evaluate to true when the device under consideration satisfies the desired criteria, and false when it does not. Any other result is an error and causes allocation of devices to abort.

The expression's input is an object named "device", which carries the following properties:
 - driver (string): the name of the driver which defines this device.
 - attributes (map[string]object): the device's attributes, grouped by prefix
   (e.g. device.attributes["dra.example.com"] evaluates to an object with all
   of the attributes which were prefixed by "dra.example.com".
 - capacity (map[string]object): the device's capacities, grouped by prefix.

Example: Consider a device with driver="dra.example.com", which exposes two attributes named "model" and "ext.example.com/family" and which exposes one capacity named "modules". This input to this expression would have the following fields:

    device.driver
    device.attributes["dra.example.com"].model
    device.attributes["ext.example.com"].family
    device.capacity["dra.example.com"].modules

The device.driver field can be used to check for a specific driver, either as a high-level precondition (i.e. you only want to consider devices from this driver) or as part of a multi-clause expression that is meant to consider devices from different drivers.

The value type of each attribute is defined by the device definition, and users who write these expressions must consult the documentation for their specific drivers. The value type of each capacity is Quantity.

If an unknown prefix is used as a lookup in either device.attributes or device.capacity, an empty map will be returned. Any reference to an unknown field will cause an evaluation error and allocation to abort.

A robust expression should check for the existence of attributes before referencing them.

For ease of use, the cel.bind() function is enabled, and can be used to simplify expressions that access multiple attributes with the same domain. For example:

    cel.bind(dra, device.attributes["dra.example.com"], dra.someBool && dra.anotherBool)

The length of the expression must be smaller or equal to 10 Ki. The cost of evaluating it is also limited based on the estimated number of logical steps.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--devices--requests--first_available--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.requests.first_available.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys. Must be a label name.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a ResourceClaim can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system. If larger than zero, the time when the pod needs to be evicted is calculated as <time when taint was adedd> + <toleration seconds>.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value must be empty, otherwise just a regular string. Must be a label value.






<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field, once the finalizers list is empty. As long as the finalizers list contains items, deletion is blocked. Once the deletionTimestamp is set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed. Finalizers may be processed and removed in any order.  Order is NOT enforced because it introduces significant risk of stuck finalizers. finalizers is a shared field, any actor with permission can reorder it. If the finalizer list is processed in order, then this can lead to a situation in which the component responsible for the first finalizer in the list is waiting for a signal (field value, external system, or other) produced by a component responsible for a finalizer later in the list, resulting in a deadlock. Without enforced ordering finalizers are free to order amongst themselves and are not vulnerable to ordering changes in the list.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will return a 409.

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) Deprecated: selfLink is a legacy read-only field that is no longer populated by the system.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is the name of the subresource used to update that object, or empty string if the object was updated through the main resource. The value of this field is used to distinguish between managers, even if they share the same name. For example, a status update will be distinct from a regular update using the same manager name. Note that the APIVersion field is not related to the Subresource field and it always corresponds to the version of the main resource.
- `time` (String) Time is the timestamp of when the ManagedFields entry was added. The timestamp will also be updated if a field is added, the manager changes any of the owned fields value or removes a field. The timestamp does not update when a field is removed from the entry because another manager took it over.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletion for how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `allocation` (Block List, Max: 1) Allocation is set once the claim has been allocated successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation))
- `devices` (Block List) Devices contains the status of each device allocated for this claim, as reported by the driver. This can include driver-specific information. Entries are owned by their respective drivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--devices))
- `reserved_for` (Block List) ReservedFor indicates which entities are currently allowed to use the claim. A Pod which references a ResourceClaim which is not reserved for that Pod will not be started. A claim that is in use or might be in use because it has been reserved must not get deallocated.

In a cluster with multiple scheduler instances, two pods might get scheduled concurrently by different schedulers. When they reference the same ResourceClaim which already has reached its maximum number of consumers, only one pod can be scheduled.

Both schedulers try to add their pod to the claim.status.reservedFor field, but only the update that reaches the API server first gets stored. The other one fails with an error and the scheduler which issued it knows that it must put the pod back into the queue, waiting for the ResourceClaim to become usable again.

There can be at most 256 such reservations. This may get increased in the future, but not reduced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--reserved_for))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation`

Optional:

- `allocation_timestamp` (String) AllocationTimestamp stores the time when the resources were allocated. This field is not guaranteed to be set, in which case that time is unknown.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceBindingConditions and DRAResourceClaimDeviceStatus feature gate.
- `devices` (Block List, Max: 1) Devices is the result of allocating devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--devices))
- `node_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeSelector defines where the allocated resources are available. If unset, they are available everywhere. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.devices`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List) This field is a combination of all the claim and class configuration parameters. Drivers can distinguish between those based on a flag.

This includes configuration parameters for drivers which have no allocated devices in the result because it is up to the drivers which configuration parameters they support. They can silently ignore unknown configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--config))
- `results` (Block List) Results lists all allocated devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--results))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.devices.config`

Required:

- `source` (String) Source records whether the configuration comes from a class and thus is not something that a normal user would have been able to set or from a claim.

Optional:

- `opaque` (Block List, Max: 1) Opaque provides driver-specific configuration parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--config--opaque))
- `requests` (List of String) Requests lists the names of requests where the configuration applies. If empty, its applies to all requests.

References to subrequests must include the name of the main request and may include the subrequest using the format <main request>[/<subrequest>]. If just the main request is given, the configuration applies to all subrequests.

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--config--opaque"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.devices.config.opaque`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is used to determine which kubelet plugin needs to be passed these configuration parameters.

An admission policy provided by the driver developer could use this to decide whether it needs to validate them.

Must be a DNS subdomain and should end with a DNS domain owned by the vendor of the driver.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters can contain arbitrary data. It is the responsibility of the driver developer to handle validation and versioning. Typically this includes self-identification and a version ("kind" + "apiVersion" for Kubernetes types), with conversion between different versions.

The length of the raw data must be smaller or equal to 10 Ki.



<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.devices.results`

Required:

- `device` (String) Device references one device instance via its name in the driver's resource pool. It must be a DNS label.
- `driver` (String) Driver specifies the name of the DRA driver whose kubelet plugin should be invoked to process the allocation once the claim is needed on a node.

Must be a DNS subdomain and should end with a DNS domain owned by the vendor of the driver.
- `pool` (String) This name together with the driver name and the device name field identify which device was allocated (`<driver name>/<pool name>/<device name>`).

Must not be longer than 253 characters and may contain one or more DNS sub-domains separated by slashes.
- `request` (String) Request is the name of the request in the claim which caused this device to be allocated. If it references a subrequest in the firstAvailable list on a DeviceRequest, this field must include both the name of the main request and the subrequest using the format <main request>/<subrequest>.

Multiple devices may have been allocated per request.

Optional:

- `admin_access` (Boolean) AdminAccess indicates that this device was allocated for administrative access. See the corresponding request field for a definition of mode.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRAAdminAccess feature gate. Admin access is disabled if this field is unset or set to false, otherwise it is enabled.
- `binding_conditions` (List of String) BindingConditions contains a copy of the BindingConditions from the corresponding ResourceSlice at the time of allocation.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceBindingConditions and DRAResourceClaimDeviceStatus feature gates.
- `binding_failure_conditions` (List of String) BindingFailureConditions contains a copy of the BindingFailureConditions from the corresponding ResourceSlice at the time of allocation.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceBindingConditions and DRAResourceClaimDeviceStatus feature gates.
- `consumed_capacity` (Map of String) ConsumedCapacity tracks the amount of capacity consumed per device as part of the claim request. The consumed amount may differ from the requested amount: it is rounded up to the nearest valid value based on the device’s requestPolicy if applicable (i.e., may not be less than the requested amount).

The total consumed capacity for each device must not exceed the DeviceCapacity's Value.

This field is populated only for devices that allow multiple allocations. All capacity entries are included, even if the consumed amount is zero.
- `share_id` (String) ShareID uniquely identifies an individual allocation share of the device, used when the device supports multiple simultaneous allocations. It serves as an additional map key to differentiate concurrent shares of the same device.
- `tolerations` (Block List) A copy of all tolerations specified in the request at the time when the device got allocated.

The maximum number of tolerations is 16.

This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DRADeviceTaints feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--results--tolerations))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--devices--results--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.devices.results.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys. Must be a label name.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a ResourceClaim can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system. If larger than zero, the time when the pod needs to be evicted is calculated as <time when taint was adedd> + <toleration seconds>.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value must be empty, otherwise just a regular string. Must be a label value.




<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.node_selector`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Block List, Min: 1) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.node_selector.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Block List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.node_selector.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedblock--status--allocation--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.allocation.node_selector.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedblock--status--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.devices`

Required:

- `device` (String) Device references one device instance via its name in the driver's resource pool. It must be a DNS label.
- `driver` (String) Driver specifies the name of the DRA driver whose kubelet plugin should be invoked to process the allocation once the claim is needed on a node.

Must be a DNS subdomain and should end with a DNS domain owned by the vendor of the driver.
- `pool` (String) This name together with the driver name and the device name field identify which device was allocated (`<driver name>/<pool name>/<device name>`).

Must not be longer than 253 characters and may contain one or more DNS sub-domains separated by slashes.

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions contains the latest observation of the device's state. If the device has been configured according to the class and claim config references, the `Ready` condition should be True.

Must not contain more than 8 entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--devices--conditions))
- `data` (Map of String) Data contains arbitrary driver-specific data.

The length of the raw data must be smaller or equal to 10 Ki.
- `network_data` (Block List, Max: 1) NetworkData contains network-related information specific to the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--devices--network_data))
- `share_id` (String) ShareID uniquely identifies an individual allocation share of the device.

<a id="nestedblock--status--devices--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.devices.conditions`

Required:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.

Optional:

- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.


<a id="nestedblock--status--devices--network_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.devices.network_data`

Optional:

- `hardware_address` (String) HardwareAddress represents the hardware address (e.g. MAC Address) of the device's network interface.

Must not be longer than 128 characters.
- `interface_name` (String) InterfaceName specifies the name of the network interface associated with the allocated device. This might be the name of a physical or virtual network interface being configured in the pod.

Must not be longer than 256 characters.
- `ips` (List of String) IPs lists the network addresses assigned to the device's network interface. This can include both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. The IPs are in the CIDR notation, which includes both the address and the associated subnet mask. e.g.: "192.0.2.5/24" for IPv4 and "2001:db8::5/64" for IPv6.



<a id="nestedblock--status--reserved_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.reserved_for`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced.
- `resource` (String) Resource is the type of resource being referenced, for example "pods".
- `uid` (String) UID identifies exactly one incarnation of the resource.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. It is empty for the core API. This matches the group in the APIVersion that is used when creating the resources.
