---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_core_service_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Service is a named abstraction of software service (for example, mysql) consisting of local port (for example 3306) that the proxy listens on, and the selector that determines which pods will answer requests sent through the proxy.
---

# kubefu_k8s_core_service_v1 (Data Source)

Service is a named abstraction of software service (for example, mysql) consisting of local port (for example 3306) that the proxy listens on, and the selector that determines which pods will answer requests sent through the proxy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the behavior of a service. https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Most recently observed status of the service. Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster which the object belongs to. This is used to distinguish resources with same name and namespace in different clusters. This field is not set anywhere right now and apiserver is going to ignore it if set in create or update request.
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field. Once set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will NOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with Reason ServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the client should retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header).

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `initializers` (Block List, Max: 1) An initializer is a controller which enforces some system invariant at object creation time. This field is a list of initializers that have not yet acted on this object. If nil or empty, this object has been completely initialized. Otherwise, the object is considered uninitialized and is hidden (in list/watch and get calls) from clients that haven't explicitly asked to observe uninitialized objects.

When an object is created, the system will populate this list with the current set of initializers. Only privileged users may set or modify this list. Once it is empty, it may not be modified further by any user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object.

This field is alpha and can be changed or removed without notice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) SelfLink is a URL representing this object. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (Block List) Pending is a list of initializers that must execute in order before this object is visible. When the last pending initializer is removed, and no failing result is set, the initializers struct will be set to nil and the object is considered as initialized and visible to all clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (Block List, Max: 1) If result is set with the Failure field, the object will be persisted to storage and then deleted, ensuring that other clients can observe the deletion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name of the process that is responsible for initializing this object.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `code` (Number) Suggested HTTP return code for this status, 0 if not set.
- `details` (Block List, Max: 1) Extended data associated with the reason.  Each reason may define its own extended details. This field is optional and the data returned is not guaranteed to conform to any schema except that defined by the reason type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `message` (String) A human-readable description of the status of this operation.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard list metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String) A machine-readable description of why this operation is in the "Failure" status. If this value is empty there is no information available. A Reason clarifies an HTTP status code but does not override it.
- `status` (String) Status of the operation. One of: "Success" or "Failure". More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (Block List) The Causes array includes more details associated with the StatusReason failure. Not all StatusReasons may provide detailed causes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String) The group attribute of the resource associated with the status StatusReason.
- `kind` (String) The kind attribute of the resource associated with the status StatusReason. On some operations may differ from the requested resource Kind. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) The name attribute of the resource associated with the status StatusReason (when there is a single name which can be described).
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number) If specified, the time in seconds before the operation should be retried.
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource. (when there is a single resource which can be described). More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The field of the resource that has caused this error, as named by its JSON serialization. May include dot and postfix notation for nested attributes. Arrays are zero-indexed.  Fields may appear more than once in an array of causes due to fields having multiple errors. Optional.

Examples:
  "name" - the field "name" on the current resource
  "items[0].name" - the field "name" on the first array entry in "items"
- `message` (String) A human-readable description of the cause of the error.  This field may be presented as-is to a reader.
- `reason` (String) A machine-readable description of the cause of the error. If this value is empty there is no information available.



<a id="nestedblock--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String) continue may be set if the user set a limit on the number of items returned, and indicates that the server has more data available. The value is opaque and may be used to issue another request to the endpoint that served this list to retrieve the next set of available objects. Continuing a list may not be possible if the server configuration has changed or more than a few minutes have passed. The resourceVersion field returned when using this continue value will be identical to the value in the first response.
- `remaining_item_count` (Number) remainingItemCount is the number of subsequent items in the list which are not included in this list response. If the list request contained label or field selectors, then the number of remaining items is unknown and the field will be left unset and omitted during serialization. If the list is complete (either because it is not chunking or because this is the last chunk), then there are no more remaining items and this field will be left unset and omitted during serialization. Servers older than v1.15 do not set this field. The intended use of the remainingItemCount is *estimating* the size of a collection. Clients should not rely on the remainingItemCount to be set or to be exact.

This field is alpha and can be changed or removed without notice.
- `resource_version` (String) String that identifies the server's internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and passed unmodified back to the server. Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) SelfLink is a URL representing this object. Populated by the system. Read-only.




<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields` (Map of String) Fields identifies a set of fields.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is the name of the subresource used to update that object, or empty string if the object was updated through the main resource. The value of this field is used to distinguish between managers, even if they share the same name. For example, a status update will be distinct from a regular update using the same manager name. Note that the APIVersion field is not related to the Subresource field and it always corresponds to the version of the main resource.
- `time` (String) Time is timestamp of when these fields were set. It should always be empty if Operation is 'Apply'


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allocate_load_balancer_node_ports` (Boolean) allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts defines if NodePorts will be automatically allocated for services with type LoadBalancer.  Default is "true". It may be set to "false" if the cluster load-balancer does not rely on NodePorts. allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts may only be set for services with type LoadBalancer and will be cleared if the type is changed to any other type. This field is alpha-level and is only honored by servers that enable the ServiceLBNodePortControl feature.
- `cluster_i_ps` (List of String) ClusterIPs is a list of IP addresses assigned to this service, and are usually assigned randomly.  If an address is specified manually, is in-range (as per system configuration), and is not in use, it will be allocated to the service; otherwise creation of the service will fail. This field may not be changed through updates unless the type field is also being changed to ExternalName (which requires this field to be empty) or the type field is being changed from ExternalName (in which case this field may optionally be specified, as describe above).  Valid values are "None", empty string (""), or a valid IP address.  Setting this to "None" makes a "headless service" (no virtual IP), which is useful when direct endpoint connections are preferred and proxying is not required.  Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. If this field is specified when creating a Service of type ExternalName, creation will fail. This field will be wiped when updating a Service to type ExternalName.  If this field is not specified, it will be initialized from the clusterIP field.  If this field is specified, clients must ensure that clusterIPs[0] and clusterIP have the same value.

Unless the "IPv6DualStack" feature gate is enabled, this field is limited to one value, which must be the same as the clusterIP field.  If the feature gate is enabled, this field may hold a maximum of two entries (dual-stack IPs, in either order).  These IPs must correspond to the values of the ipFamilies field. Both clusterIPs and ipFamilies are governed by the ipFamilyPolicy field. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `cluster_ip` (String) clusterIP is the IP address of the service and is usually assigned randomly by the master. If an address is specified manually and is not in use by others, it will be allocated to the service; otherwise, creation of the service will fail. This field can not be changed through updates. Valid values are "None", empty string (""), or a valid IP address. "None" can be specified for headless services when proxying is not required. Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. Ignored if type is ExternalName. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `external_i_ps` (List of String) externalIPs is a list of IP addresses for which nodes in the cluster will also accept traffic for this service.  These IPs are not managed by Kubernetes.  The user is responsible for ensuring that traffic arrives at a node with this IP.  A common example is external load-balancers that are not part of the Kubernetes system.
- `external_name` (String) externalName is the external reference that kubedns or equivalent will return as a CNAME record for this service. No proxying will be involved. Must be a valid DNS name and requires Type to be ExternalName.
- `external_traffic_policy` (String) externalTrafficPolicy denotes if this Service desires to route external traffic to node-local or cluster-wide endpoints. "Local" preserves the client source IP and avoids a second hop for LoadBalancer and Nodeport type services, but risks potentially imbalanced traffic spreading. "Cluster" obscures the client source IP and may cause a second hop to another node, but should have good overall load-spreading.
- `health_check_node_port` (Number) healthCheckNodePort specifies the healthcheck nodePort for the service. If not specified, HealthCheckNodePort is created by the service api backend with the allocated nodePort. Will use user-specified nodePort value if specified by the client. Only effects when Type is set to LoadBalancer and ExternalTrafficPolicy is set to Local.
- `internal_traffic_policy` (String) InternalTrafficPolicy specifies if the cluster internal traffic should be routed to all endpoints or node-local endpoints only. "Cluster" routes internal traffic to a Service to all endpoints. "Local" routes traffic to node-local endpoints only, traffic is dropped if no node-local endpoints are ready. The default value is "Cluster".
- `ip_families` (List of String) IPFamilies is a list of IP families (e.g. IPv4, IPv6) assigned to this service, and is gated by the "IPv6DualStack" feature gate.  This field is usually assigned automatically based on cluster configuration and the ipFamilyPolicy field. If this field is specified manually, the requested family is available in the cluster, and ipFamilyPolicy allows it, it will be used; otherwise creation of the service will fail.  This field is conditionally mutable: it allows for adding or removing a secondary IP family, but it does not allow changing the primary IP family of the Service.  Valid values are "IPv4" and "IPv6".  This field only applies to Services of types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer, and does apply to "headless" services.  This field will be wiped when updating a Service to type ExternalName.

This field may hold a maximum of two entries (dual-stack families, in either order).  These families must correspond to the values of the clusterIPs field, if specified. Both clusterIPs and ipFamilies are governed by the ipFamilyPolicy field.
- `ip_family` (String) ipFamily specifies whether this Service has a preference for a particular IP family (e.g. IPv4 vs. IPv6).  If a specific IP family is requested, the clusterIP field will be allocated from that family, if it is available in the cluster.  If no IP family is requested, the cluster's primary IP family will be used. Other IP fields (loadBalancerIP, loadBalancerSourceRanges, externalIPs) and controllers which allocate external load-balancers should use the same IP family.  Endpoints for this Service will be of this family.  This field is immutable after creation. Assigning a ServiceIPFamily not available in the cluster (e.g. IPv6 in IPv4 only cluster) is an error condition and will fail during clusterIP assignment.
- `ip_family_policy` (String) IPFamilyPolicy represents the dual-stack-ness requested or required by this Service, and is gated by the "IPv6DualStack" feature gate.  If there is no value provided, then this field will be set to SingleStack. Services can be "SingleStack" (a single IP family), "PreferDualStack" (two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters or a single IP family on single-stack clusters), or "RequireDualStack" (two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters, otherwise fail). The ipFamilies and clusterIPs fields depend on the value of this field.  This field will be wiped when updating a service to type ExternalName.
- `load_balancer_class` (String) loadBalancerClass is the class of the load balancer implementation this Service belongs to. If specified, the value of this field must be a label-style identifier, with an optional prefix, e.g. "internal-vip" or "example.com/internal-vip". Unprefixed names are reserved for end-users. This field can only be set when the Service type is 'LoadBalancer'. If not set, the default load balancer implementation is used, today this is typically done through the cloud provider integration, but should apply for any default implementation. If set, it is assumed that a load balancer implementation is watching for Services with a matching class. Any default load balancer implementation (e.g. cloud providers) should ignore Services that set this field. This field can only be set when creating or updating a Service to type 'LoadBalancer'. Once set, it can not be changed. This field will be wiped when a service is updated to a non 'LoadBalancer' type.
- `load_balancer_ip` (String) Only applies to Service Type: LoadBalancer LoadBalancer will get created with the IP specified in this field. This feature depends on whether the underlying cloud-provider supports specifying the loadBalancerIP when a load balancer is created. This field will be ignored if the cloud-provider does not support the feature.
- `load_balancer_source_ranges` (List of String) If specified and supported by the platform, this will restrict traffic through the cloud-provider load-balancer will be restricted to the specified client IPs. This field will be ignored if the cloud-provider does not support the feature." More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-cloud-provider-firewall/
- `ports` (Block List) The list of ports that are exposed by this service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--ports))
- `publish_not_ready_addresses` (Boolean) publishNotReadyAddresses, when set to true, indicates that DNS implementations must publish the notReadyAddresses of subsets for the Endpoints associated with the Service. The default value is false. The primary use case for setting this field is to use a StatefulSet's Headless Service to propagate SRV records for its Pods without respect to their readiness for purpose of peer discovery. This field will replace the service.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerate-unready-endpoints when that annotation is deprecated and all clients have been converted to use this field.
- `selector` (Map of String) Route service traffic to pods with label keys and values matching this selector. If empty or not present, the service is assumed to have an external process managing its endpoints, which Kubernetes will not modify. Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. Ignored if type is ExternalName. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/
- `session_affinity` (String) Supports "ClientIP" and "None". Used to maintain session affinity. Enable client IP based session affinity. Must be ClientIP or None. Defaults to None. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `session_affinity_config` (Block List, Max: 1) sessionAffinityConfig contains the configurations of session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--session_affinity_config))
- `topology_keys` (List of String) topologyKeys is a preference-order list of topology keys which implementations of services should use to preferentially sort endpoints when accessing this Service, it can not be used at the same time as externalTrafficPolicy=Local. Topology keys must be valid label keys and at most 16 keys may be specified. Endpoints are chosen based on the first topology key with available backends. If this field is specified and all entries have no backends that match the topology of the client, the service has no backends for that client and connections should fail. The special value "*" may be used to mean "any topology". This catch-all value, if used, only makes sense as the last value in the list. If this is not specified or empty, no topology constraints will be applied.
- `traffic_distribution` (String) TrafficDistribution offers a way to express preferences for how traffic is distributed to Service endpoints. Implementations can use this field as a hint, but are not required to guarantee strict adherence. If the field is not set, the implementation will apply its default routing strategy. If set to "PreferClose", implementations should prioritize endpoints that are topologically close (e.g., same zone). This is an alpha field and requires enabling ServiceTrafficDistribution feature.
- `type` (String) type determines how the Service is exposed. Defaults to ClusterIP. Valid options are ExternalName, ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. "ExternalName" maps to the specified externalName. "ClusterIP" allocates a cluster-internal IP address for load-balancing to endpoints. Endpoints are determined by the selector or if that is not specified, by manual construction of an Endpoints object. If clusterIP is "None", no virtual IP is allocated and the endpoints are published as a set of endpoints rather than a stable IP. "NodePort" builds on ClusterIP and allocates a port on every node which routes to the clusterIP. "LoadBalancer" builds on NodePort and creates an external load-balancer (if supported in the current cloud) which routes to the clusterIP. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services---service-types

<a id="nestedblock--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port that will be exposed by this service.

Optional:

- `app_protocol` (String) The application protocol for this port. This field follows standard Kubernetes label syntax. Un-prefixed names are reserved for IANA standard service names (as per RFC-6335 and http://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names). Non-standard protocols should use prefixed names such as mycompany.com/my-custom-protocol. Field can be enabled with ServiceAppProtocol feature gate.
- `name` (String) The name of this port within the service. This must be a DNS_LABEL. All ports within a ServiceSpec must have unique names. This maps to the 'Name' field in EndpointPort objects. Optional if only one ServicePort is defined on this service.
- `node_port` (Number) The port on each node on which this service is exposed when type=NodePort or LoadBalancer. Usually assigned by the system. If specified, it will be allocated to the service if unused or else creation of the service will fail. Default is to auto-allocate a port if the ServiceType of this Service requires one. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#type-nodeport
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol for this port. Supports "TCP" and "UDP". Default is TCP.
- `target_port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the pods targeted by the service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME. If this is a string, it will be looked up as a named port in the target Pod's container ports. If this is not specified, the value of the 'port' field is used (an identity map). This field is ignored for services with clusterIP=None, and should be omitted or set equal to the 'port' field. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#defining-a-service


<a id="nestedblock--spec--session_affinity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (Block List, Max: 1) clientIP contains the configurations of Client IP based session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config.client_ip`

Optional:

- `timeout_seconds` (Number) timeoutSeconds specifies the seconds of ClientIP type session sticky time. The value must be >0 && <=86400(for 1 day) if ServiceAffinity == "ClientIP". Default value is 10800(for 3 hours).




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Current service state (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `load_balancer` (Block List, Max: 1) LoadBalancer contains the current status of the load-balancer, if one is present. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--load_balancer))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another. This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition. This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon. For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition. Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.


<a id="nestedblock--status--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer`

Optional:

- `ingress` (Block List) Ingress is a list containing ingress points for the load-balancer. Traffic intended for the service should be sent to these ingress points. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress))

<a id="nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer.ingress`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is set for load-balancer ingress points that are DNS based (typically AWS load-balancers)
- `ip` (String) IP is set for load-balancer ingress points that are IP based (typically GCE or OpenStack load-balancers)
- `ip_mode` (String) IPMode specifies how the load-balancer IP behaves, and may only be specified when the ip field is specified. Setting this to "VIP" indicates that traffic is delivered to the node with the destination set to the load-balancer's IP and port. Setting this to "Proxy" indicates that traffic is delivered to the node or pod with the destination set to the node's IP and node port or the pod's IP and port. Service implementations may use this information to adjust traffic routing.
- `ports` (Block List) Ports is a list of records of service ports If used, every port defined in the service should have an entry in it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress--ports))

<a id="nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer.ingress.ports`

Optional:

- `error` (String) Error is to record the problem with the service port The format of the error shall comply with the following rules: - built-in error values shall be specified in this file and those shall use
  CamelCase names
- cloud provider specific error values must have names that comply with the
  format foo.example.com/CamelCase.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port number of the service port of which status is recorded here
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the protocol of the service port of which status is recorded here The supported values are: "TCP", "UDP", "SCTP"
