---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClass is used by administrators to influence how resources are allocated.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ResourceClass is used by administrators to influence how resources are allocated.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `driver_name` (String) DriverName defines the name of the dynamic resource driver that is used for allocation of a ResourceClaim that uses this class.

Resource drivers have a unique name in forward domain order (acme.example.com).

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object metadata
- `parameters_ref` (Map of String) ParametersRef references an arbitrary separate object that may hold parameters that will be used by the driver when allocating a resource that uses this class. A dynamic resource driver can distinguish between parameters stored here and and those stored in ResourceClaimSpec.
- `suitable_nodes` (Map of String) Only nodes matching the selector will be considered by the scheduler when trying to find a Node that fits a Pod when that Pod uses a ResourceClaim that has not been allocated yet.

Setting this field is optional. If null, all nodes are candidates.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
