---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_core_config_map_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ConfigMap holds configuration data for pods to consume.
---

# kubefu_k8s_core_config_map_v1 (Data Source)

ConfigMap holds configuration data for pods to consume.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `binary_data` (Map of String) BinaryData contains the binary data. Each key must consist of alphanumeric characters, '-', '_' or '.'. BinaryData can contain byte sequences that are not in the UTF-8 range. The keys stored in BinaryData must not overlap with the ones in the Data field, this is enforced during validation process. Using this field will require 1.10+ apiserver and kubelet.
- `data` (Map of String) Data contains the configuration data. Each key must consist of alphanumeric characters, '-', '_' or '.'. Values with non-UTF-8 byte sequences must use the BinaryData field. The keys stored in Data must not overlap with the keys in the BinaryData field, this is enforced during validation process.
- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
