---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_events_k8s_io_event_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster. It generally denotes some state change in the system.
---

# kubefu_k8s_events_k8s_io_event_v1 (Data Source)

Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster. It generally denotes some state change in the system.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `event_time` (Map of String) eventTime is the time when this Event was first observed. It is required.

### Optional

- `action` (String) action is what action was taken/failed regarding to the regarding object. It is machine-readable. This field can have at most 128 characters.
- `deprecated_count` (Number) deprecatedCount is the deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type.
- `deprecated_first_timestamp` (Map of String) deprecatedFirstTimestamp is the deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type.
- `deprecated_last_timestamp` (Map of String) deprecatedLastTimestamp is the deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type.
- `deprecated_source` (Map of String) deprecatedSource is the deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type.
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `note` (String) note is a human-readable description of the status of this operation. Maximal length of the note is 1kB, but libraries should be prepared to handle values up to 64kB.
- `reason` (String) reason is why the action was taken. It is human-readable. This field can have at most 128 characters.
- `regarding` (Map of String) regarding contains the object this Event is about. In most cases it's an Object reporting controller implements, e.g. ReplicaSetController implements ReplicaSets and this event is emitted because it acts on some changes in a ReplicaSet object.
- `related` (Map of String) related is the optional secondary object for more complex actions. E.g. when regarding object triggers a creation or deletion of related object.
- `reporting_controller` (String) reportingController is the name of the controller that emitted this Event, e.g. `kubernetes.io/kubelet`. This field cannot be empty for new Events.
- `reporting_instance` (String) reportingInstance is the ID of the controller instance, e.g. `kubelet-xyzf`. This field cannot be empty for new Events and it can have at most 128 characters.
- `series` (Map of String) series is data about the Event series this event represents or nil if it's a singleton Event.
- `type` (String) type is the type of this event (Normal, Warning), new types could be added in the future. It is machine-readable.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
