---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_core_secret_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Secret holds secret data of a certain type. The total bytes of the values in the Data field must be less than MaxSecretSize bytes.
---

# kubefu_k8s_core_secret_v1 (Data Source)

Secret holds secret data of a certain type. The total bytes of the values in the Data field must be less than MaxSecretSize bytes.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `data` (Map of String) Data contains the secret data. Each key must consist of alphanumeric characters, '-', '_' or '.'. The serialized form of the secret data is a base64 encoded string, representing the arbitrary (possibly non-string) data value here. Described in https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `string_data` (Map of String) stringData allows specifying non-binary secret data in string form. It is provided as a write-only convenience method. All keys and values are merged into the data field on write, overwriting any existing values. It is never output when reading from the API.
- `type` (String) Used to facilitate programmatic handling of secret data.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
