---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_flowcontrol_apiserver_k8s_io_priority_level_configuration_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PriorityLevelConfiguration represents the configuration of a priority level.
---

# kubefu_k8s_flowcontrol_apiserver_k8s_io_priority_level_configuration_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

PriorityLevelConfiguration represents the configuration of a priority level.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) `metadata` is the standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (List of Object) `spec` is the specification of the desired behavior of a "request-priority". More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (List of Object) `status` is the current status of a "request-priority". More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `limited` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--limited))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--limited"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited`

Optional:

- `assured_concurrency_shares` (Number)
- `limit_response` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--limited--limit_response))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--limited--limit_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited.limit_response`

Optional:

- `queuing` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--limited--limit_response--queuing))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--limited--limit_response--queuing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited.limit_response.queuing`

Optional:

- `hand_size` (Number)
- `queue_length_limit` (Number)
- `queues` (Number)





<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
