---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_taint_rule_v1alpha3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DeviceTaintRule adds one taint to all devices which match the selector. This has the same effect as if the taint was specified directly in the ResourceSlice by the DRA driver.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_taint_rule_v1alpha3 (Data Source)

DeviceTaintRule adds one taint to all devices which match the selector. This has the same effect as if the taint was specified directly in the ResourceSlice by the DRA driver.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (List of Object) Spec specifies the selector and one taint.

Changing the spec automatically increments the metadata.generation number. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `device_selector` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector))
- `taint` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--taint))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.device_selector`

Required:

- `device` (String)
- `device_class_name` (String)
- `driver` (String)
- `pool` (String)
- `selectors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector--selectors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.device_selector.selectors`

Required:

- `cel` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector--selectors--cel))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--device_selector--selectors--cel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.device_selector.selectors.cel`

Required:

- `expression` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--taint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taint`

Required:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `time_added` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
