---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_authentication_k8s_io_self_subject_review_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SelfSubjectReview contains the user information that the kube-apiserver has about the user making this request. When using impersonation, users will receive the user info of the user being impersonated.  If impersonation or request header authentication is used, any extra keys will have their case ignored and returned as lowercase.
---

# kubefu_k8s_authentication_k8s_io_self_subject_review_v1beta1 (Data Source)

SelfSubjectReview contains the user information that the kube-apiserver has about the user making this request. When using impersonation, users will receive the user info of the user being impersonated.  If impersonation or request header authentication is used, any extra keys will have their case ignored and returned as lowercase.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (List of Object) Status is filled in by the server with the user attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `user_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--user_info))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.user_info`

Optional:

- `extra` (Map of String)
- `groups` (List of String)
- `uid` (String)
- `username` (String)
