---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_flowcontrol_apiserver_k8s_io_priority_level_configuration_v1beta3 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PriorityLevelConfiguration represents the configuration of a priority level.
---

# kubefu_k8s_flowcontrol_apiserver_k8s_io_priority_level_configuration_v1beta3 (Data Source)

PriorityLevelConfiguration represents the configuration of a priority level.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) `metadata` is the standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) `spec` is the specification of the desired behavior of a "request-priority". More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) `status` is the current status of a "request-priority". More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field, once the finalizers list is empty. As long as the finalizers list contains items, deletion is blocked. Once the deletionTimestamp is set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed. Finalizers may be processed and removed in any order.  Order is NOT enforced because it introduces significant risk of stuck finalizers. finalizers is a shared field, any actor with permission can reorder it. If the finalizer list is processed in order, then this can lead to a situation in which the component responsible for the first finalizer in the list is waiting for a signal (field value, external system, or other) produced by a component responsible for a finalizer later in the list, resulting in a deadlock. Without enforced ordering finalizers are free to order amongst themselves and are not vulnerable to ordering changes in the list.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will return a 409.

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) Deprecated: selfLink is a legacy read-only field that is no longer populated by the system.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is the name of the subresource used to update that object, or empty string if the object was updated through the main resource. The value of this field is used to distinguish between managers, even if they share the same name. For example, a status update will be distinct from a regular update using the same manager name. Note that the APIVersion field is not related to the Subresource field and it always corresponds to the version of the main resource.
- `time` (String) Time is the timestamp of when the ManagedFields entry was added. The timestamp will also be updated if a field is added, the manager changes any of the owned fields value or removes a field. The timestamp does not update when a field is removed from the entry because another manager took it over.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletion for how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `type` (String) `type` indicates whether this priority level is subject to limitation on request execution.  A value of `"Exempt"` means that requests of this priority level are not subject to a limit (and thus are never queued) and do not detract from the capacity made available to other priority levels.  A value of `"Limited"` means that (a) requests of this priority level _are_ subject to limits and (b) some of the server's limited capacity is made available exclusively to this priority level. Required.

Optional:

- `limited` (Block List, Max: 1) `limited` specifies how requests are handled for a Limited priority level. This field must be non-empty if and only if `type` is `"Limited"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--limited))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--limited"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited`

Optional:

- `borrowing_limit_percent` (Number) `borrowingLimitPercent`, if present, configures a limit on how many seats this priority level can borrow from other priority levels. The limit is known as this level's BorrowingConcurrencyLimit (BorrowingCL) and is a limit on the total number of seats that this level may borrow at any one time. This field holds the ratio of that limit to the level's nominal concurrency limit. When this field is non-nil, it must hold a non-negative integer and the limit is calculated as follows.

BorrowingCL(i) = round( NominalCL(i) * borrowingLimitPercent(i)/100.0 )

The value of this field can be more than 100, implying that this priority level can borrow a number of seats that is greater than its own nominal concurrency limit (NominalCL). When this field is left `nil`, the limit is effectively infinite.
- `lendable_percent` (Number) `lendablePercent` prescribes the fraction of the level's NominalCL that can be borrowed by other priority levels. The value of this field must be between 0 and 100, inclusive, and it defaults to 0. The number of seats that other levels can borrow from this level, known as this level's LendableConcurrencyLimit (LendableCL), is defined as follows.

LendableCL(i) = round( NominalCL(i) * lendablePercent(i)/100.0 )
- `limit_response` (Block List, Max: 1) `limitResponse` indicates what to do with requests that can not be executed right now (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--limited--limit_response))
- `nominal_concurrency_shares` (Number) `nominalConcurrencyShares` (NCS) contributes to the computation of the NominalConcurrencyLimit (NominalCL) of this level. This is the number of execution seats available at this priority level. This is used both for requests dispatched from this priority level as well as requests dispatched from other priority levels borrowing seats from this level. The server's concurrency limit (ServerCL) is divided among the Limited priority levels in proportion to their NCS values:

NominalCL(i)  = ceil( ServerCL * NCS(i) / sum_ncs ) sum_ncs = sum[limited priority level k] NCS(k)

Bigger numbers mean a larger nominal concurrency limit, at the expense of every other Limited priority level. This field has a default value of 30.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--limited--limit_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited.limit_response`

Required:

- `type` (String) `type` is "Queue" or "Reject". "Queue" means that requests that can not be executed upon arrival are held in a queue until they can be executed or a queuing limit is reached. "Reject" means that requests that can not be executed upon arrival are rejected. Required.

Optional:

- `queuing` (Block List, Max: 1) `queuing` holds the configuration parameters for queuing. This field may be non-empty only if `type` is `"Queue"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--limited--limit_response--queuing))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--limited--limit_response--queuing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limited.limit_response.queuing`

Optional:

- `hand_size` (Number) `handSize` is a small positive number that configures the shuffle sharding of requests into queues.  When enqueuing a request at this priority level the request's flow identifier (a string pair) is hashed and the hash value is used to shuffle the list of queues and deal a hand of the size specified here.  The request is put into one of the shortest queues in that hand. `handSize` must be no larger than `queues`, and should be significantly smaller (so that a few heavy flows do not saturate most of the queues).  See the user-facing documentation for more extensive guidance on setting this field.  This field has a default value of 8.
- `queue_length_limit` (Number) `queueLengthLimit` is the maximum number of requests allowed to be waiting in a given queue of this priority level at a time; excess requests are rejected.  This value must be positive.  If not specified, it will be defaulted to 50.
- `queues` (Number) `queues` is the number of queues for this priority level. The queues exist independently at each apiserver. The value must be positive.  Setting it to 1 effectively precludes shufflesharding and thus makes the distinguisher method of associated flow schemas irrelevant.  This field has a default value of 64.





<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) `conditions` is the current state of "request-priority". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) `lastTransitionTime` is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) `message` is a human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) `reason` is a unique, one-word, CamelCase reason for the condition's last transition.
- `status` (String) `status` is the status of the condition. Can be True, False, Unknown. Required.
- `type` (String) `type` is the type of the condition. Required.
