---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Ingress is a collection of rules that allow inbound connections to reach the endpoints defined by a backend. An Ingress can be configured to give services externally-reachable urls, load balance traffic, terminate SSL, offer name based virtual hosting etc.
---

# kubefu_k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_v1 (Data Source)

Ingress is a collection of rules that allow inbound connections to reach the endpoints defined by a backend. An Ingress can be configured to give services externally-reachable urls, load balance traffic, terminate SSL, offer name based virtual hosting etc.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec is the desired state of the Ingress. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) Status is the current state of the Ingress. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster which the object belongs to. This is used to distinguish resources with same name and namespace in different clusters. This field is not set anywhere right now and apiserver is going to ignore it if set in create or update request.
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field, once the finalizers list is empty. As long as the finalizers list contains items, deletion is blocked. Once the deletionTimestamp is set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed. Finalizers may be processed and removed in any order.  Order is NOT enforced because it introduces significant risk of stuck finalizers. finalizers is a shared field, any actor with permission can reorder it. If the finalizer list is processed in order, then this can lead to a situation in which the component responsible for the first finalizer in the list is waiting for a signal (field value, external system, or other) produced by a component responsible for a finalizer later in the list, resulting in a deadlock. Without enforced ordering finalizers are free to order amongst themselves and are not vulnerable to ordering changes in the list.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will NOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with Reason ServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the client should retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header).

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) SelfLink is a URL representing this object. Populated by the system. Read-only.

DEPRECATED Kubernetes will stop propagating this field in 1.20 release and the field is planned to be removed in 1.21 release.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `time` (String) Time is timestamp of when these fields were set. It should always be empty if Operation is 'Apply'


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `default_backend` (Block List, Max: 1) DefaultBackend is the backend that should handle requests that don't match any rule. If Rules are not specified, DefaultBackend must be specified. If DefaultBackend is not set, the handling of requests that do not match any of the rules will be up to the Ingress controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--default_backend))
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName is the name of the IngressClass cluster resource. The associated IngressClass defines which controller will implement the resource. This replaces the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation. For backwards compatibility, when that annotation is set, it must be given precedence over this field. The controller may emit a warning if the field and annotation have different values. Implementations of this API should ignore Ingresses without a class specified. An IngressClass resource may be marked as default, which can be used to set a default value for this field. For more information, refer to the IngressClass documentation.
- `rules` (Block List) A list of host rules used to configure the Ingress. If unspecified, or no rule matches, all traffic is sent to the default backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))
- `tls` (Block List) TLS configuration. Currently the Ingress only supports a single TLS port, 443. If multiple members of this list specify different hosts, they will be multiplexed on the same port according to the hostname specified through the SNI TLS extension, if the ingress controller fulfilling the ingress supports SNI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--default_backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Block List, Max: 1) Resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespace of the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name and service.Port must not be specified. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Service". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--default_backend--resource))
- `service` (Block List, Max: 1) Service references a Service as a Backend. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Resource". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--default_backend--service))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--default_backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--default_backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the referenced service. The service must exist in the same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Block List, Max: 1) Port of the referenced service. A port name or port number is required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--default_backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--default_backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Number".
- `number` (Number) Number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Name".




<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host is the fully qualified domain name of a network host, as defined by RFC 3986. Note the following deviations from the "host" part of the URI as defined in RFC 3986: 1. IPs are not allowed. Currently an IngressRuleValue can only apply to
   the IP in the Spec of the parent Ingress.
2. The `:` delimiter is not respected because ports are not allowed.
	  Currently the port of an Ingress is implicitly :80 for http and
	  :443 for https.
Both these may change in the future. Incoming requests are matched against the host before the IngressRuleValue. If the host is unspecified, the Ingress routes all traffic based on the specified IngressRuleValue.

Host can be "precise" which is a domain name without the terminating dot of a network host (e.g. "foo.bar.com") or "wildcard", which is a domain name prefixed with a single wildcard label (e.g. "*.foo.com"). The wildcard character '*' must appear by itself as the first DNS label and matches only a single label. You cannot have a wildcard label by itself (e.g. Host == "*"). Requests will be matched against the Host field in the following way: 1. If Host is precise, the request matches this rule if the http host header is equal to Host. 2. If Host is a wildcard, then the request matches this rule if the http host header is to equal to the suffix (removing the first label) of the wildcard rule.
- `http` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http`

Required:

- `paths` (Block List, Min: 1) A collection of paths that map requests to backends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http.paths`

Required:

- `backend` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Backend defines the referenced service endpoint to which the traffic will be forwarded to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend))

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path is matched against the path of an incoming request. Currently it can contain characters disallowed from the conventional "path" part of a URL as defined by RFC 3986. Paths must begin with a '/'. When unspecified, all paths from incoming requests are matched.
- `path_type` (String) PathType determines the interpretation of the Path matching. PathType can be one of the following values: * Exact: Matches the URL path exactly. * Prefix: Matches based on a URL path prefix split by '/'. Matching is
  done on a path element by element basis. A path element refers is the
  list of labels in the path split by the '/' separator. A request is a
  match for path p if every p is an element-wise prefix of p of the
  request path. Note that if the last element of the path is a substring
  of the last element in request path, it is not a match (e.g. /foo/bar
  matches /foo/bar/baz, but does not match /foo/barbaz).
* ImplementationSpecific: Interpretation of the Path matching is up to
  the IngressClass. Implementations can treat this as a separate PathType
  or treat it identically to Prefix or Exact path types.
Implementations are required to support all path types.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http.paths.backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Block List, Max: 1) Resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespace of the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name and service.Port must not be specified. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Service". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--resource))
- `service` (Block List, Max: 1) Service references a Service as a Backend. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Resource". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http.paths.backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http.paths.backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the referenced service. The service must exist in the same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Block List, Max: 1) Port of the referenced service. A port name or port number is required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.http.paths.backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Number".
- `number` (Number) Number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service. This is a mutually exclusive setting with "Name".







<a id="nestedblock--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) Hosts are a list of hosts included in the TLS certificate. The values in this list must match the name/s used in the tlsSecret. Defaults to the wildcard host setting for the loadbalancer controller fulfilling this Ingress, if left unspecified.
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the secret used to terminate TLS traffic on port 443. Field is left optional to allow TLS routing based on SNI hostname alone. If the SNI host in a listener conflicts with the "Host" header field used by an IngressRule, the SNI host is used for termination and value of the Host header is used for routing.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `load_balancer` (Block List, Max: 1) LoadBalancer contains the current status of the load-balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--load_balancer))

<a id="nestedblock--status--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer`

Optional:

- `ingress` (Block List) Ingress is a list containing ingress points for the load-balancer. Traffic intended for the service should be sent to these ingress points. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress))

<a id="nestedblock--status--load_balancer--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.load_balancer.ingress`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is set for load-balancer ingress points that are DNS based (typically AWS load-balancers)
- `ip` (String) IP is set for load-balancer ingress points that are IP based (typically GCE or OpenStack load-balancers)
