---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClaim describes which resources are needed by a resource consumer. Its status tracks whether the resource has been allocated and what the resulting attributes are.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_claim_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ResourceClaim describes which resources are needed by a resource consumer. Its status tracks whether the resource has been allocated and what the resulting attributes are.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) Spec describes the desired attributes of a resource that then needs to be allocated. It can only be set once when creating the ResourceClaim.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object metadata
- `status` (Map of String) Status describes whether the resource is available and with which attributes.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
