---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.
---

# kubefu_k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1 (Data Source)

ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object metadata; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `webhooks` (Block List) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster which the object belongs to. This is used to distinguish resources with same name and namespace in different clusters. This field is not set anywhere right now and apiserver is going to ignore it if set in create or update request.
- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds allowed for this object to gracefully terminate before it will be removed from the system. Only set when deletionTimestamp is also set. May only be shortened. Read-only.
- `deletion_timestamp` (String) DeletionTimestamp is RFC 3339 date and time at which this resource will be deleted. This field is set by the server when a graceful deletion is requested by the user, and is not directly settable by a client. The resource is expected to be deleted (no longer visible from resource lists, and not reachable by name) after the time in this field, once the finalizers list is empty. As long as the finalizers list contains items, deletion is blocked. Once the deletionTimestamp is set, this value may not be unset or be set further into the future, although it may be shortened or the resource may be deleted prior to this time. For example, a user may request that a pod is deleted in 30 seconds. The Kubelet will react by sending a graceful termination signal to the containers in the pod. After that 30 seconds, the Kubelet will send a hard termination signal (SIGKILL) to the container and after cleanup, remove the pod from the API. In the presence of network partitions, this object may still exist after this timestamp, until an administrator or automated process can determine the resource is fully terminated. If not set, graceful deletion of the object has not been requested.

Populated by the system when a graceful deletion is requested. Read-only. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `finalizers` (List of String) Must be empty before the object is deleted from the registry. Each entry is an identifier for the responsible component that will remove the entry from the list. If the deletionTimestamp of the object is non-nil, entries in this list can only be removed.
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.

If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will NOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with Reason ServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the client should retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header).

Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state. Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `managed_fields` (Block List) ManagedFields maps workflow-id and version to the set of fields that are managed by that workflow. This is mostly for internal housekeeping, and users typically shouldn't need to set or understand this field. A workflow can be the user's name, a controller's name, or the name of a specific apply path like "ci-cd". The set of fields is always in the version that the workflow used when modifying the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces
- `owner_references` (Block List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this object that can be used by clients to determine when objects have changed. May be used for optimistic concurrency, change detection, and the watch operation on a resource or set of resources. Clients must treat these values as opaque and passed unmodified back to the server. They may only be valid for a particular resource or set of resources.

Populated by the system. Read-only. Value must be treated as opaque by clients and . More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) SelfLink is a URL representing this object. Populated by the system. Read-only.

DEPRECATED Kubernetes will stop propagating this field in 1.20 release and the field is planned to be removed in 1.21 release.
- `uid` (String) UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Populated by the system. Read-only. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the version of this resource that this field set applies to. The format is "group/version" just like the top-level APIVersion field. It is necessary to track the version of a field set because it cannot be automatically converted.
- `fields_type` (String) FieldsType is the discriminator for the different fields format and version. There is currently only one possible value: "FieldsV1"
- `fields_v1` (Map of String) FieldsV1 holds the first JSON version format as described in the "FieldsV1" type.
- `manager` (String) Manager is an identifier of the workflow managing these fields.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of operation which lead to this ManagedFieldsEntry being created. The only valid values for this field are 'Apply' and 'Update'.
- `time` (String) Time is timestamp of when these fields were set. It should always be empty if Operation is 'Apply'


<a id="nestedblock--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the "foregroundDeletion" finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs "delete" permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks`

Required:

- `admission_review_versions` (List of String) AdmissionReviewVersions is an ordered list of preferred `AdmissionReview` versions the Webhook expects. API server will try to use first version in the list which it supports. If none of the versions specified in this list supported by API server, validation will fail for this object. If a persisted webhook configuration specifies allowed versions and does not include any versions known to the API Server, calls to the webhook will fail and be subject to the failure policy.
- `client_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ClientConfig defines how to communicate with the hook. Required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--client_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the admission webhook. Name should be fully qualified, e.g., imagepolicy.kubernetes.io, where "imagepolicy" is the name of the webhook, and kubernetes.io is the name of the organization. Required.
- `side_effects` (String) SideEffects states whether this webhook has side effects. Acceptable values are: None, NoneOnDryRun (webhooks created via v1beta1 may also specify Some or Unknown). Webhooks with side effects MUST implement a reconciliation system, since a request may be rejected by a future step in the admission change and the side effects therefore need to be undone. Requests with the dryRun attribute will be auto-rejected if they match a webhook with sideEffects == Unknown or Some.

Optional:

- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors from the admission endpoint are handled - allowed values are Ignore or Fail. Defaults to Fail.
- `match_policy` (String) matchPolicy defines how the "rules" list is used to match incoming requests. Allowed values are "Exact" or "Equivalent".

- Exact: match a request only if it exactly matches a specified rule. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, but "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would not be sent to the webhook.

- Equivalent: match a request if modifies a resource listed in rules, even via another API group or version. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, and "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would be converted to apps/v1 and sent to the webhook.

Defaults to "Equivalent"
- `namespace_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) NamespaceSelector decides whether to run the webhook on an object based on whether the namespace for that object matches the selector. If the object itself is a namespace, the matching is performed on object.metadata.labels. If the object is another cluster scoped resource, it never skips the webhook.

For example, to run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is not associated with "runlevel" of "0" or "1";  you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "runlevel",
      "operator": "NotIn",
      "values": [
        "0",
        "1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

If instead you want to only run the webhook on any objects whose namespace is associated with the "environment" of "prod" or "staging"; you will set the selector as follows: "namespaceSelector": {
  "matchExpressions": [
    {
      "key": "environment",
      "operator": "In",
      "values": [
        "prod",
        "staging"
      ]
    }
  ]
}

See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels for more examples of label selectors.

Default to the empty LabelSelector, which matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--namespace_selector))
- `object_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) ObjectSelector decides whether to run the webhook based on if the object has matching labels. objectSelector is evaluated against both the oldObject and newObject that would be sent to the webhook, and is considered to match if either object matches the selector. A null object (oldObject in the case of create, or newObject in the case of delete) or an object that cannot have labels (like a DeploymentRollback or a PodProxyOptions object) is not considered to match. Use the object selector only if the webhook is opt-in, because end users may skip the admission webhook by setting the labels. Default to the empty LabelSelector, which matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--object_selector))
- `rules` (Block List) Rules describes what operations on what resources/subresources the webhook cares about. The webhook cares about an operation if it matches _any_ Rule. However, in order to prevent ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks from putting the cluster in a state which cannot be recovered from without completely disabling the plugin, ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks are never called on admission requests for ValidatingWebhookConfiguration and MutatingWebhookConfiguration objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--rules))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds specifies the timeout for this webhook. After the timeout passes, the webhook call will be ignored or the API call will fail based on the failure policy. The timeout value must be between 1 and 30 seconds. Default to 10 seconds.

<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) `caBundle` is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the webhook's server certificate. If unspecified, system trust roots on the apiserver are used.
- `service` (Block List, Max: 1) `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified.

If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--client_config--service))
- `url` (String) `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified.

The `host` should not refer to a service running in the cluster; use the `service` field instead. The host might be resolved via external DNS in some apiservers (e.g., `kube-apiserver` cannot resolve in-cluster DNS as that would be a layering violation). `host` may also be an IP address.

Please note that using `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` as a `host` is risky unless you take great care to run this webhook on all hosts which run an apiserver which might need to make calls to this webhook. Such installs are likely to be non-portable, i.e., not easy to turn up in a new cluster.

The scheme must be "https"; the URL must begin with "https://".

A path is optional, and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. You may use the path to pass an arbitrary string to the webhook, for example, a cluster identifier.

Attempting to use a user or basic auth e.g. "user:password@" is not allowed. Fragments ("#...") and query parameters ("?...") are not allowed, either.

<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) `name` is the name of the service. Required
- `namespace` (String) `namespace` is the namespace of the service. Required

Optional:

- `path` (String) `path` is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service.
- `port` (Number) If specified, the port on the service that hosting webhook. Default to 443 for backward compatibility. `port` should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--object_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.object_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhooks--object_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--object_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.object_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--webhooks--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `api_versions` (List of String) APIVersions is the API versions the resources belong to. '*' is all versions. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `operations` (List of String) Operations is the operations the admission hook cares about - CREATE, UPDATE, or * for all operations. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to.

For example: 'pods' means pods. 'pods/log' means the log subresource of pods. '*' means all resources, but not subresources. 'pods/*' means all subresources of pods. '*/scale' means all scale subresources. '*/*' means all resources and their subresources.

If wildcard is present, the validation rule will ensure resources do not overlap with each other.

Depending on the enclosing object, subresources might not be allowed. Required.
- `scope` (String) scope specifies the scope of this rule. Valid values are "Cluster", "Namespaced", and "*" "Cluster" means that only cluster-scoped resources will match this rule. Namespace API objects are cluster-scoped. "Namespaced" means that only namespaced resources will match this rule. "*" means that there are no scope restrictions. Subresources match the scope of their parent resource. Default is "*".
