---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Role is a namespaced, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding.
---

# kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Role is a namespaced, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) Rules holds all the PolicyRules for this Role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `verbs` (List of String) Verbs is a list of Verbs that apply to ALL the ResourceKinds and AttributeRestrictions contained in this rule.  VerbAll represents all kinds.

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the name of the APIGroup that contains the resources.  If multiple API groups are specified, any action requested against one of the enumerated resources in any API group will be allowed.
- `non_resource_ur_ls` (List of String) NonResourceURLs is a set of partial urls that a user should have access to.  *s are allowed, but only as the full, final step in the path Since non-resource URLs are not namespaced, this field is only applicable for ClusterRoles referenced from a ClusterRoleBinding. Rules can either apply to API resources (such as "pods" or "secrets") or non-resource URL paths (such as "/api"),  but not both.
- `resource_names` (List of String) ResourceNames is an optional white list of names that the rule applies to.  An empty set means that everything is allowed.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to.  '*' represents all resources in the specified apiGroups. '*/foo' represents the subresource 'foo' for all resources in the specified apiGroups.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `initializers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers`

Optional:

- `pending` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending))
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result))

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--pending"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.pending`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `code` (Number)
- `details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details))
- `kind` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata))
- `reason` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details`

Optional:

- `causes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes))
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `retry_after_seconds` (Number)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--details--causes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.details.causes`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `message` (String)
- `reason` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--initializers--result--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.initializers.result.metadata`

Optional:

- `continue` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)




<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
