---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_core_event_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster.
---

# kubefu_k8s_core_event_v1 (Data Source)

Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `involved_object` (Map of String) The object that this event is about.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata

### Optional

- `action` (String) What action was taken/failed regarding to the Regarding object.
- `count_` (Number) The number of times this event has occurred.
- `event_time` (Map of String) Time when this Event was first observed.
- `first_timestamp` (Map of String) The time at which the event was first recorded. (Time of server receipt is in TypeMeta.)
- `last_timestamp` (Map of String) The time at which the most recent occurrence of this event was recorded.
- `message` (String) A human-readable description of the status of this operation.
- `reason` (String) This should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reason for the transition into the object's current status.
- `related` (Map of String) Optional secondary object for more complex actions.
- `reporting_component` (String) Name of the controller that emitted this Event, e.g. `kubernetes.io/kubelet`.
- `reporting_instance` (String) ID of the controller instance, e.g. `kubelet-xyzf`.
- `series` (Map of String) Data about the Event series this event represents or nil if it's a singleton Event.
- `source` (Map of String) The component reporting this event. Should be a short machine understandable string.
- `type` (String) Type of this event (Normal, Warning), new types could be added in the future

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
