---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.
  StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.
---

# kubefu_k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1beta1 (Data Source)

StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.

StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `provisioner_` (String) Provisioner indicates the type of the provisioner.

### Optional

- `allow_volume_expansion` (Boolean) AllowVolumeExpansion shows whether the storage class allow volume expand
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `mount_options` (List of String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with these mountOptions, e.g. ["ro", "soft"]. Not validated - mount of the PVs will simply fail if one is invalid.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters holds the parameters for the provisioner that should create volumes of this storage class.
- `reclaim_policy` (String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with this reclaimPolicy. Defaults to Delete.
- `volume_binding_mode` (String) VolumeBindingMode indicates how PersistentVolumeClaims should be provisioned and bound.  When unset, VolumeBindingImmediate is used. This field is alpha-level and is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
