---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_events_k8s_io_event_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster. It generally denotes some state change in the system.
---

# kubefu_k8s_events_k8s_io_event_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Event is a report of an event somewhere in the cluster. It generally denotes some state change in the system.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `event_time` (Map of String) Required. Time when this Event was first observed.

### Optional

- `action` (String) What action was taken/failed regarding to the regarding object.
- `deprecated_count` (Number) Deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type
- `deprecated_first_timestamp` (Map of String) Deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type
- `deprecated_last_timestamp` (Map of String) Deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type
- `deprecated_source` (Map of String) Deprecated field assuring backward compatibility with core.v1 Event type
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `note` (String) Optional. A human-readable description of the status of this operation. Maximal length of the note is 1kB, but libraries should be prepared to handle values up to 64kB.
- `reason` (String) Why the action was taken.
- `regarding` (Map of String) The object this Event is about. In most cases it's an Object reporting controller implements. E.g. ReplicaSetController implements ReplicaSets and this event is emitted because it acts on some changes in a ReplicaSet object.
- `related` (Map of String) Optional secondary object for more complex actions. E.g. when regarding object triggers a creation or deletion of related object.
- `reporting_controller` (String) Name of the controller that emitted this Event, e.g. `kubernetes.io/kubelet`.
- `reporting_instance` (String) ID of the controller instance, e.g. `kubelet-xyzf`.
- `series` (Map of String) Data about the Event series this event represents or nil if it's a singleton Event.
- `type` (String) Type of this event (Normal, Warning), new types could be added in the future.

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
