---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_class_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DeviceClass is a vendor- or admin-provided resource that contains device configuration and selectors. It can be referenced in the device requests of a claim to apply these presets. Cluster scoped.
  This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_device_class_v1beta1 (Data Source)

DeviceClass is a vendor- or admin-provided resource that contains device configuration and selectors. It can be referenced in the device requests of a claim to apply these presets. Cluster scoped.

This is an alpha type and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (List of Object) Spec defines what can be allocated and how to configure it.

This is mutable. Consumers have to be prepared for classes changing at any time, either because they get updated or replaced. Claim allocations are done once based on whatever was set in classes at the time of allocation.

Changing the spec automatically increments the metadata.generation number. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--config))
- `selectors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--selectors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config`

Required:

- `opaque` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--config--opaque))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--config--opaque"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.opaque`

Required:

- `driver` (String)
- `parameters` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selectors`

Required:

- `cel` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--selectors--cel))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--selectors--cel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selectors.cel`

Required:

- `expression` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)
