---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.
---

# kubefu_k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 (Data Source)

ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role_ref` (Map of String) RoleRef can only reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace. If the RoleRef cannot be resolved, the Authorizer must return an error.
- `subjects` (Block List, Min: 1) Subjects holds references to the objects the role applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subjects))

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`
