---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_parameters_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceClassParameters defines resource requests for a ResourceClass in an in-tree format understood by Kubernetes.
---

# kubefu_k8s_resource_k8s_io_resource_class_parameters_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ResourceClassParameters defines resource requests for a ResourceClass in an in-tree format understood by Kubernetes.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Block List) Filters describes additional contraints that must be met when using the class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filters))
- `generated_from` (List of Object) If this object was created from some other resource, then this links back to that resource. This field is used to find the in-tree representation of the class parameters when the parameter reference of the class refers to some unknown type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--generated_from))
- `metadata` (List of Object) Standard object metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `vendor_parameters` (Block List) VendorParameters are arbitrary setup parameters for all claims using this class. They are ignored while allocating the claim. There must not be more than one entry per driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vendor_parameters))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Optional:

- `driver_name` (String) DriverName is the name used by the DRA driver kubelet plugin.
- `named_resources` (List of Object) NamedResources describes a resource filter using the named resources model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters--named_resources))

<a id="nestedatt--filters--named_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters.named_resources`

Optional:

- `selector` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--generated_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `generated_from`

Optional:

- `api_group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `deletion_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `deletion_timestamp` (String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `generate_name` (String)
- `generation` (Number)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `managed_fields` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `owner_references` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references))
- `resource_version` (String)
- `self_link` (String)
- `uid` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--managed_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.managed_fields`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `fields_type` (String)
- `fields_v1` (Map of String)
- `manager` (String)
- `operation` (String)
- `subresource` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.owner_references`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean)
- `controller` (Boolean)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--vendor_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vendor_parameters`

Optional:

- `driver_name` (String) DriverName is the name used by the DRA driver kubelet plugin.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters can be arbitrary setup parameters. They are ignored while allocating a claim.
