---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_sh_node_claim_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  NodeClaim is the Schema for the NodeClaims API
---

# kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_sh_node_claim_v1beta1 (Data Source)

NodeClaim is the Schema for the NodeClaims API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) NodeClaimSpec describes the desired state of the NodeClaim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeClaimStatus defines the observed state of NodeClaim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `kubelet` (Block List, Max: 1) Kubelet defines args to be used when configuring kubelet on provisioned nodes.
They are a subset of the upstream types, recognizing not all options may be supported.
Wherever possible, the types and names should reflect the upstream kubelet types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kubelet))
- `node_class_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeClassRef is a reference to an object that defines provider specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--node_class_ref))
- `requirements` (Block List) Requirements are layered with GetLabels and applied to every node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--requirements))
- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources models the resource requirements for the NodeClaim to launch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--resources))
- `startup_taints` (Block List) StartupTaints are taints that are applied to nodes upon startup which are expected to be removed automatically
within a short period of time, typically by a DaemonSet that tolerates the taint. These are commonly used by
daemonsets to allow initialization and enforce startup ordering.  StartupTaints are ignored for provisioning
purposes in that pods are not required to tolerate a StartupTaint in order to have nodes provisioned for them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--startup_taints))
- `taints` (Block List) Taints will be applied to the NodeClaim's node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--taints))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--kubelet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubelet`

Optional:

- `cluster_dns` (List of String) clusterDNS is a list of IP addresses for the cluster DNS server.
Note that not all providers may use all addresses.
- `cpu_cfs_quota` (Boolean) CPUCFSQuota enables CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits.
- `eviction_hard` (Map of String) EvictionHard is the map of signal names to quantities that define hard eviction thresholds
- `eviction_max_pod_grace_period` (Number) EvictionMaxPodGracePeriod is the maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in
response to soft eviction thresholds being met.
- `eviction_soft` (Map of String) EvictionSoft is the map of signal names to quantities that define soft eviction thresholds
- `eviction_soft_grace_period` (Map of String) EvictionSoftGracePeriod is the map of signal names to quantities that define grace periods for each eviction signal
- `image_gc_high_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCHighThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage after which image
garbage collection is always run. The percent is calculated by dividing this
field value by 100, so this field must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.
When specified, the value must be greater than ImageGCLowThresholdPercent.
- `image_gc_low_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCLowThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage before which image
garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to.
The percent is calculated by dividing this field value by 100,
so the field value must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.
When specified, the value must be less than imageGCHighThresholdPercent
- `kube_reserved` (Map of String) KubeReserved contains resources reserved for Kubernetes system components.
- `max_pods` (Number) MaxPods is an override for the maximum number of pods that can run on
a worker node instance.
- `pods_per_core` (Number) PodsPerCore is an override for the number of pods that can run on a worker node
instance based on the number of cpu cores. This value cannot exceed MaxPods, so, if
MaxPods is a lower value, that value will be used.
- `system_reserved` (Map of String) SystemReserved contains resources reserved for OS system daemons and kernel memory.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--node_class_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_class_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds"
- `name` (String) Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names


<a id="nestedblock--spec--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requirements`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `min_values` (Number) This field is ALPHA and can be dropped or replaced at any time
MinValues is the minimum number of unique values required to define the flexibility of the specific requirement.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values
array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.
This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum required resources for the NodeClaim to launch


<a id="nestedblock--spec--startup_taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.startup_taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods
that do not tolerate the taint.
Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.
- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.
It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods
that do not tolerate the taint.
Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.
- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.
It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `allocatable` (Map of String) Allocatable is the estimated allocatable capacity of the node
- `capacity` (Map of String) Capacity is the estimated full capacity of the node
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions contains signals for health and readiness (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `image_id` (String) ImageID is an identifier for the image that runs on the node
- `node_name` (String) NodeName is the name of the corresponding node object
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID of the corresponding node object

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
---
Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be
useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important.
The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
