---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_sh_node_claim_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  NodeClaim is the Schema for the NodeClaims API
---

# kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_sh_node_claim_v1 (Data Source)

NodeClaim is the Schema for the NodeClaims API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) NodeClaimSpec describes the desired state of the NodeClaim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeClaimStatus defines the observed state of NodeClaim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `expire_after` (String) ExpireAfter is the duration the controller will wait
before terminating a node, measured from when the node is created. This
is useful to implement features like eventually consistent node upgrade,
memory leak protection, and disruption testing.
- `node_class_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeClassRef is a reference to an object that defines provider specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--node_class_ref))
- `requirements` (Block List) Requirements are layered with GetLabels and applied to every node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--requirements))
- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources models the resource requirements for the NodeClaim to launch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--resources))
- `startup_taints` (Block List) StartupTaints are taints that are applied to nodes upon startup which are expected to be removed automatically
within a short period of time, typically by a DaemonSet that tolerates the taint. These are commonly used by
daemonsets to allow initialization and enforce startup ordering.  StartupTaints are ignored for provisioning
purposes in that pods are not required to tolerate a StartupTaint in order to have nodes provisioned for them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--startup_taints))
- `taints` (Block List) Taints will be applied to the NodeClaim's node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--taints))
- `termination_grace_period` (String) TerminationGracePeriod is the maximum duration the controller will wait before forcefully deleting the pods on a node, measured from when deletion is first initiated.


Warning: this feature takes precedence over a Pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds value, and bypasses any blocked PDBs or the karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt annotation.


This field is intended to be used by cluster administrators to enforce that nodes can be cycled within a given time period.
When set, drifted nodes will begin draining even if there are pods blocking eviction. Draining will respect PDBs and the do-not-disrupt annotation until the TGP is reached.


Karpenter will preemptively delete pods so their terminationGracePeriodSeconds align with the node's terminationGracePeriod.
If a pod would be terminated without being granted its full terminationGracePeriodSeconds prior to the node timeout,
that pod will be deleted at T = node timeout - pod terminationGracePeriodSeconds.


The feature can also be used to allow maximum time limits for long-running jobs which can delay node termination with preStop hooks.
If left undefined, the controller will wait indefinitely for pods to be drained.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--node_class_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_class_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds"
- `name` (String) Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names


<a id="nestedblock--spec--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requirements`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `min_values` (Number) This field is ALPHA and can be dropped or replaced at any time
MinValues is the minimum number of unique values required to define the flexibility of the specific requirement.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values
array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.
This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum required resources for the NodeClaim to launch


<a id="nestedblock--spec--startup_taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.startup_taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods
that do not tolerate the taint.
Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.
- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.
It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods
that do not tolerate the taint.
Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.
- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.
It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `allocatable` (Map of String) Allocatable is the estimated allocatable capacity of the node
- `capacity` (Map of String) Capacity is the estimated full capacity of the node
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions contains signals for health and readiness (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `image_id` (String) ImageID is an identifier for the image that runs on the node
- `last_pod_event_time` (String) LastPodEventTime is updated with the last time a pod was scheduled
or removed from the node. A pod going terminal or terminating
is also considered as removed.
- `node_name` (String) NodeName is the name of the corresponding node object
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID of the corresponding node object

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
---
Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be
useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important.
The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)
