---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_k8s_aws_ec2_node_class_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EC2NodeClass is the Schema for the EC2NodeClass API
---

# kubefu_karpenter_aws_karpenter_k8s_aws_ec2_node_class_v1 (Data Source)

EC2NodeClass is the Schema for the EC2NodeClass API



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) EC2NodeClassSpec is the top level specification for the AWS Karpenter Provider.
This will contain configuration necessary to launch instances in AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) EC2NodeClassStatus contains the resolved state of the EC2NodeClass (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `ami_family` (String) AMIFamily dictates the UserData format and default BlockDeviceMappings used when generating launch templates.
This field is optional when using an alias amiSelectorTerm, and the value will be inferred from the alias'
family. When an alias is specified, this field may only be set to its corresponding family or 'Custom'. If no
alias is specified, this field is required.
NOTE: We ignore the AMIFamily for hashing here because we hash the AMIFamily dynamically by using the alias using
the AMIFamily() helper function
- `ami_selector_terms` (Block List) AMISelectorTerms is a list of or ami selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--ami_selector_terms))
- `associate_public_ip_address` (Boolean) AssociatePublicIPAddress controls if public IP addresses are assigned to instances that are launched with the nodeclass.
- `block_device_mappings` (Block List) BlockDeviceMappings to be applied to provisioned nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--block_device_mappings))
- `capacity_reservation_selector_terms` (Block List) CapacityReservationSelectorTerms is a list of capacity reservation selector terms. Each term is ORed together to
determine the set of eligible capacity reservations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--capacity_reservation_selector_terms))
- `context` (String) Context is a Reserved field in EC2 APIs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CreateFleet.html
- `detailed_monitoring` (Boolean) DetailedMonitoring controls if detailed monitoring is enabled for instances that are launched
- `instance_profile` (String) InstanceProfile is the AWS entity that instances use.
This field is mutually exclusive from role.
The instance profile should already have a role assigned to it that Karpenter
 has PassRole permission on for instance launch using this instanceProfile to succeed.
- `instance_store_policy` (String) InstanceStorePolicy specifies how to handle instance-store disks.
- `ip_prefix_count` (Number) IPPrefixCount sets the number of IPv4 prefixes to be automatically assigned to the network interface.
- `kubelet` (Block List, Max: 1) Kubelet defines args to be used when configuring kubelet on provisioned nodes.
They are a subset of the upstream types, recognizing not all options may be supported.
Wherever possible, the types and names should reflect the upstream kubelet types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--kubelet))
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) MetadataOptions for the generated launch template of provisioned nodes.


This specifies the exposure of the Instance Metadata Service to
provisioned EC2 nodes. For more information,
see Instance Metadata and User Data
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html)
in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.


Refer to recommended, security best practices
(https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/iam/#restrict-access-to-the-instance-profile-assigned-to-the-worker-node)
for limiting exposure of Instance Metadata and User Data to pods.
If omitted, defaults to httpEndpoint enabled, with httpProtocolIPv6
disabled, with httpPutResponseLimit of 1, and with httpTokens
required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--metadata_options))
- `role` (String) Role is the AWS identity that nodes use. This field is immutable.
This field is mutually exclusive from instanceProfile.
Marking this field as immutable avoids concerns around terminating managed instance profiles from running instances.
This field may be made mutable in the future, assuming the correct garbage collection and drift handling is implemented
for the old instance profiles on an update.
- `security_group_selector_terms` (Block List) SecurityGroupSelectorTerms is a list of or security group selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--security_group_selector_terms))
- `subnet_selector_terms` (Block List) SubnetSelectorTerms is a list of or subnet selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--subnet_selector_terms))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags to be applied on ec2 resources like instances and launch templates.
- `user_data` (String) UserData to be applied to the provisioned nodes.
It must be in the appropriate format based on the AMIFamily in use. Karpenter will merge certain fields into
this UserData to ensure nodes are being provisioned with the correct configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--ami_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ami_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias specifies which EKS optimized AMI to select.
Each alias consists of a family and an AMI version, specified as "family@version".
Valid families include: al2, al2023, bottlerocket, windows2019, and windows2022.
The version can either be pinned to a specific AMI release, with that AMIs version format (ex: "al2023@v20240625" or "bottlerocket@v1.10.0").
The version can also be set to "latest" for any family. Setting the version to latest will result in drift when a new AMI is released. This is **not** recommended for production environments.
Note: The Windows families do **not** support version pinning, and only latest may be used.
- `id` (String) ID is the ami id in EC2
- `name` (String) Name is the ami name in EC2.
This value is the name field, which is different from the name tag.
- `owner` (String) Owner is the owner for the ami.
You can specify a combination of AWS account IDs, "self", "amazon", and "aws-marketplace"
- `ssm_parameter` (String) SSMParameter is the name (or ARN) of the SSM parameter containing the Image ID.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnets
Specifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--block_device_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.block_device_mappings`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) The device name (for example, /dev/sdh or xvdh).
- `ebs` (Block List, Max: 1) EBS contains parameters used to automatically set up EBS volumes when an instance is launched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--block_device_mappings--ebs))
- `root_volume` (Boolean) RootVolume is a flag indicating if this device is mounted as kubelet root dir. You can
configure at most one root volume in BlockDeviceMappings.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--block_device_mappings--ebs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.block_device_mappings.ebs`

Optional:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) DeleteOnTermination indicates whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted indicates whether the EBS volume is encrypted. Encrypted volumes can only
be attached to instances that support Amazon EBS encryption. If you are creating
a volume from a snapshot, you can't specify an encryption value.
- `iops` (Number) IOPS is the number of I/O operations per second (IOPS). For gp3, io1, and io2 volumes,
this represents the number of IOPS that are provisioned for the volume. For
gp2 volumes, this represents the baseline performance of the volume and the
rate at which the volume accumulates I/O credits for bursting.


The following are the supported values for each volume type:


   * gp3: 3,000-16,000 IOPS


   * io1: 100-64,000 IOPS


   * io2: 100-64,000 IOPS


For io1 and io2 volumes, we guarantee 64,000 IOPS only for Instances built
on the Nitro System (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html#ec2-nitro-instances).
Other instance families guarantee performance up to 32,000 IOPS.


This parameter is supported for io1, io2, and gp3 volumes only. This parameter
is not supported for gp2, st1, sc1, or standard volumes.
- `kms_key_id` (String) KMSKeyID (ARN) of the symmetric Key Management Service (KMS) CMK used for encryption.
- `snapshot_id` (String) SnapshotID is the ID of an EBS snapshot
- `throughput` (Number) Throughput to provision for a gp3 volume, with a maximum of 1,000 MiB/s.
Valid Range: Minimum value of 125. Maximum value of 1000.
- `volume_initialization_rate` (Number) VolumeInitializationRate specifies the Amazon EBS Provisioned Rate for Volume Initialization,
in MiB/s, at which to download the snapshot blocks from Amazon S3 to the volume. This is also known as volume
initialization. Specifying a volume initialization rate ensures that the volume is initialized at a
predictable and consistent rate after creation. Only allowed if SnapshotID is set.
Valid Range: Minimum value of 100. Maximum value of 300.
- `volume_size` (String) VolumeSize in `Gi`, `G`, `Ti`, or `T`. You must specify either a snapshot ID or
a volume size. The following are the supported volumes sizes for each volume
type:


   * gp2 and gp3: 1-16,384


   * io1 and io2: 4-16,384


   * st1 and sc1: 125-16,384


   * standard: 1-1,024
- `volume_type` (String) VolumeType of the block device.
For more information, see Amazon EBS volume types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSVolumeTypes.html)
in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--capacity_reservation_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.capacity_reservation_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the capacity reservation id in EC2
- `instance_match_criteria` (String) InstanceMatchCriteria specifies how instances are matched to capacity reservations.
- `owner_id` (String) Owner is the owner id for the ami.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select capacity reservations.
Specifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--kubelet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubelet`

Optional:

- `cluster_dns` (List of String) clusterDNS is a list of IP addresses for the cluster DNS server.
Note that not all providers may use all addresses.
- `cpu_cfs_quota` (Boolean) CPUCFSQuota enables CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits.
- `eviction_hard` (Map of String) EvictionHard is the map of signal names to quantities that define hard eviction thresholds
- `eviction_max_pod_grace_period` (Number) EvictionMaxPodGracePeriod is the maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in
response to soft eviction thresholds being met.
- `eviction_soft` (Map of String) EvictionSoft is the map of signal names to quantities that define soft eviction thresholds
- `eviction_soft_grace_period` (Map of String) EvictionSoftGracePeriod is the map of signal names to quantities that define grace periods for each eviction signal
- `image_gc_high_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCHighThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage after which image
garbage collection is always run. The percent is calculated by dividing this
field value by 100, so this field must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.
When specified, the value must be greater than ImageGCLowThresholdPercent.
- `image_gc_low_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCLowThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage before which image
garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to.
The percent is calculated by dividing this field value by 100,
so the field value must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.
When specified, the value must be less than imageGCHighThresholdPercent
- `kube_reserved` (Map of String) KubeReserved contains resources reserved for Kubernetes system components.
- `max_pods` (Number) MaxPods is an override for the maximum number of pods that can run on
a worker node instance.
- `pods_per_core` (Number) PodsPerCore is an override for the number of pods that can run on a worker node
instance based on the number of cpu cores. This value cannot exceed MaxPods, so, if
MaxPods is a lower value, that value will be used.
- `system_reserved` (Map of String) SystemReserved contains resources reserved for OS system daemons and kernel memory.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_options`

Optional:

- `http_endpoint` (String) HTTPEndpoint enables or disables the HTTP metadata endpoint on provisioned
nodes. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is not specified,
the default state is "enabled".


If you specify a value of "disabled", instance metadata will not be accessible
on the node.
- `http_protocol_i_pv6` (String) HTTPProtocolIPv6 enables or disables the IPv6 endpoint for the instance metadata
service on provisioned nodes. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter
is not specified, the default state is "disabled".
- `http_put_response_hop_limit` (Number) HTTPPutResponseHopLimit is the desired HTTP PUT response hop limit for
instance metadata requests. The larger the number, the further instance
metadata requests can travel. Possible values are integers from 1 to 64.
If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is not specified, the
default value is 1.
- `http_tokens` (String) HTTPTokens determines the state of token usage for instance metadata
requests. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is not
specified, the default state is "required".


If the state is optional, one can choose to retrieve instance metadata with
or without a signed token header on the request. If one retrieves the IAM
role credentials without a token, the version 1.0 role credentials are
returned. If one retrieves the IAM role credentials using a valid signed
token, the version 2.0 role credentials are returned.


If the state is "required", one must send a signed token header with any
instance metadata retrieval requests. In this state, retrieving the IAM
role credentials always returns the version 2.0 credentials; the version
1.0 credentials are not available.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--security_group_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the security group id in EC2
- `name` (String) Name is the security group name in EC2.
This value is the name field, which is different from the name tag.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnets
Specifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--subnet_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the subnet id in EC2
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnets
Specifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `amis` (Block List) AMI contains the current AMI values that are available to the
cluster under the AMI selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--amis))
- `capacity_reservations` (Block List) CapacityReservations contains the current capacity reservation values that are available to this NodeClass under the
CapacityReservation selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--capacity_reservations))
- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions contains signals for health and readiness (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))
- `instance_profile` (String) InstanceProfile contains the resolved instance profile for the role
- `security_groups` (Block List) SecurityGroups contains the current Security Groups values that are available to the
cluster under the SecurityGroups selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--security_groups))
- `subnets` (Block List) Subnets contains the current Subnet values that are available to the
cluster under the subnet selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--subnets))

<a id="nestedblock--status--amis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.amis`

Optional:

- `deprecated` (Boolean) Deprecation status of the AMI
- `id` (String) ID of the AMI
- `name` (String) Name of the AMI
- `requirements` (Block List) Requirements of the AMI to be utilized on an instance type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--amis--requirements))

<a id="nestedblock--status--amis--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.amis.requirements`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values
array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.
This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--status--capacity_reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.capacity_reservations`

Optional:

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone the capacity reservation is available in.
- `end_time` (String) The time at which the capacity reservation expires. Once expired, the reserved capacity is released and Karpenter
will no longer be able to launch instances into that reservation.
- `id` (String) The id for the capacity reservation.
- `instance_match_criteria` (String) Indicates the type of instance launches the capacity reservation accepts.
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type for the capacity reservation.
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account that owns the capacity reservation.
- `reservation_type` (String) The type of capacity reservation.
- `state` (String) The state of the capacity reservation. A capacity reservation is considered to be expiring if it is within the EC2
reclaimation window. Only capacity-block reservations may be in this state.


<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
---
Many .condition.type values are consistent across resources like Available, but because arbitrary conditions can be
useful (see .node.status.conditions), the ability to deconflict is important.
The regex it matches is (dns1123SubdomainFmt/)?(qualifiedNameFmt)


<a id="nestedblock--status--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.security_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the security group
- `name` (String) Name of the security group


<a id="nestedblock--status--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.subnets`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the subnet
- `zone` (String) The associated availability zone
- `zone_id` (String) The associated availability zone ID
