---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_karpenter_core_karpenter_sh_node_overlay_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generated data source for crd.karpenter.sh.v1alpha1.NodeOverlay
---

# kubefu_karpenter_core_karpenter_sh_node_overlay_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Generated data source for crd.karpenter.sh.v1alpha1.NodeOverlay



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) NodeOverlayStatus defines the observed state of NodeOverlay (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and
may reject unrecognized values.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.
Cannot be updated.
In CamelCase.
More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Map of String) Capacity adds extended resources only, and does not replace any existing resources.
These extended resources are appended to the node's existing resource list.
Note: This field does not modify or override standard resources like cpu, memory, ephemeral-storage, or pods.
- `price` (String) Price specifies amount for an instance types that match the specified labels. Users can override prices using a signed float representing the price override
- `price_adjustment` (String) PriceAdjustment specifies the price change for matching instance types. Accepts either:
- A fixed price modifier (e.g., -0.5, 1.2)
- A percentage modifier (e.g., +10% for increase, -15% for decrees)
- `requirements` (Block List) Requirements constrain when this NodeOverlay is applied during scheduling simulations.
These requirements can match:
- Well-known labels (e.g., node.kubernetes.io/instance-type, karpenter.sh/nodepool)
- Custom labels from NodePool's spec.template.labels (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--requirements))
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines the priority of this NodeOverlay when overriding node attributes.
NodeOverlays with higher numerical weights take precedence over those with lower weights.
If no weight is specified, the NodeOverlay is treated as having a weight of 0.
When multiple NodeOverlays have identical weights, they are merged in alphabetical order.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requirements`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.
Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,
the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,
the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values
array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.
This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions contains signals for health and readiness (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
