---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_kustomize_kustomize_config_k8s_io_secret_args_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generated data source for io.k8s.api.apps.v1.SecretArgs
---

# kubefu_kustomize_kustomize_config_k8s_io_secret_args_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Generated data source for io.k8s.api.apps.v1.SecretArgs



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `generator_args` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--generator_args))
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `type` (String)

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--generator_args"></a>
### Nested Schema for `generator_args`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String)
- `kv_pair_sources` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--generator_args--kv_pair_sources))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--generator_args--kv_pair_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `generator_args.kv_pair_sources`

Optional:

- `env` (String)
- `envs` (List of String)
- `files` (List of String)
- `literals` (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values for storing arbitrary metadata.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values for organizing resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace for namespaced resources.
