---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_alertmanager_config_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AlertmanagerConfig defines a namespaced AlertmanagerConfig to be aggregated across multiple namespaces configuring one Alertmanager cluster.
---

# kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_alertmanager_config_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

AlertmanagerConfig defines a namespaced AlertmanagerConfig to be aggregated across multiple namespaces configuring one Alertmanager cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Map of String) AlertmanagerConfigSpec is a specification of the desired behavior of the Alertmanager configuration. By definition, the Alertmanager configuration only applies to alerts for which the `namespace` label is equal to the namespace of the AlertmanagerConfig resource.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.
