---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_service_monitor_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ServiceMonitor defines monitoring for a set of services.
---

# kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_service_monitor_v1 (Data Source)

ServiceMonitor defines monitoring for a set of services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specification of desired Service selection for target discovery by Prometheus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) This Status subresource is under active development and is updated only when the
"StatusForConfigurationResources" feature gate is enabled.

Most recent observed status of the ServiceMonitor. Read-only.
More info:
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `attach_metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Attaches node metadata to discovered targets. Requires Prometheus v2.37.0 and above. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--attach_metadata))
- `body_size_limit` (String) When defined, bodySizeLimit specifies a job level limit on the size of uncompressed response body that will be accepted by Prometheus.
 It requires Prometheus >= v2.28.0.
- `convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb` (Boolean) Whether to convert all scraped classic histograms into a native histogram with custom buckets.
It requires Prometheus >= v3.0.0.
- `endpoints` (Block List) A list of endpoints allowed as part of this ServiceMonitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints))
- `fallback_scrape_protocol` (String) The protocol to use if a scrape returns blank, unparseable, or otherwise invalid Content-Type.

It requires Prometheus >= v3.0.0.
- `job_label` (String) Chooses the label of the Kubernetes `Endpoints`. Its value will be used for the `job`-label's value of the created metrics.
 Default & fallback value: the name of the respective Kubernetes `Endpoint`.
- `keep_dropped_targets` (Number) Per-scrape limit on the number of targets dropped by relabeling that will be kept in memory. 0 means no limit.
 It requires Prometheus >= v2.47.0.
- `label_limit` (Number) Per-scrape limit on number of labels that will be accepted for a sample. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer.
- `label_name_length_limit` (Number) Per-scrape limit on length of labels name that will be accepted for a sample. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer.
- `label_value_length_limit` (Number) Per-scrape limit on length of labels value that will be accepted for a sample. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer.
- `namespace_selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Selector to select which namespaces the Kubernetes Endpoints objects are discovered from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector))
- `native_histogram_bucket_limit` (Number) If there are more than this many buckets in a native histogram,
buckets will be merged to stay within the limit.
It requires Prometheus >= v2.45.0.
- `native_histogram_min_bucket_factor` (String) If the growth factor of one bucket to the next is smaller than this,
buckets will be merged to increase the factor sufficiently.
It requires Prometheus >= v2.50.0.
- `pod_target_labels` (List of String) PodTargetLabels transfers labels on the Kubernetes `Pod` onto the created metrics.
- `sample_limit` (Number) SampleLimit defines per-scrape limit on number of scraped samples that will be accepted.
- `scrape_class` (String) The scrape class to apply.
- `scrape_classic_histograms` (Boolean) Whether to scrape a classic histogram that is also exposed as a native histogram.
It requires Prometheus >= v2.45.0.
- `scrape_fallback_protocol` (String) The protocol to use if a scrape returns blank, unparseable, or otherwise invalid Content-Type.

It requires Prometheus >= v3.0.0.
- `scrape_native_histograms` (Boolean) scrapeNativeHistograms defines whether to enable scraping of native histograms.
It requires Prometheus >= v3.8.0.
- `scrape_protocols` (List of String) `scrapeProtocols` defines the protocols to negotiate during a scrape. It tells clients the protocols supported by Prometheus in order of preference (from most to least preferred).
 If unset, Prometheus uses its default value.
 It requires Prometheus >= v2.49.0.
- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) Selector to select Endpoints objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selector))
- `selector_mechanism` (String) Mechanism used to select the endpoints to scrape.
By default, the selection process relies on relabel configurations to filter the discovered targets.
Alternatively, you can opt in for role selectors, which may offer better efficiency in large clusters.
Which strategy is best for your use case needs to be carefully evaluated.

It requires Prometheus >= v2.17.0.
- `service_discovery_role` (String) serviceDiscoveryRole defines the service discovery role used to discover targets.

If set, the value should be either "Endpoints" or "EndpointSlice".
Otherwise it defaults to the value defined in the
Prometheus/PrometheusAgent resource.
- `target_labels` (List of String) TargetLabels transfers labels from the Kubernetes `Service` onto the created metrics. All labels set in `selector.matchLabels` are automatically transferred.
- `target_limit` (Number) TargetLimit defines a limit on the number of scraped targets that will be accepted.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--attach_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attach_metadata`

Optional:

- `node` (Boolean) When set to true, Prometheus must have permissions to get Nodes.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints`

Optional:

- `authorization` (Block List, Max: 1) Authorization section for this endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--authorization))
- `basic_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication More info: https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/configuration/#endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) File to read bearer token for scraping targets.
- `bearer_token_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret to mount to read bearer token for scraping targets. The secret needs to be in the same namespace as the service monitor and accessible by the Prometheus Operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--bearer_token_secret))
- `enable_http2` (Boolean) Whether to enable HTTP2.
- `filter_running` (Boolean) Drop pods that are not running. (Failed, Succeeded). Enabled by default. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase
- `follow_redirects` (Boolean) FollowRedirects configures whether scrape requests follow HTTP 3xx redirects.
- `honor_labels` (Boolean) HonorLabels chooses the metric's labels on collisions with target labels.
- `honor_timestamps` (Boolean) HonorTimestamps controls whether Prometheus respects the timestamps present in scraped data.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which metrics should be scraped
- `metric_relabelings` (Block List) MetricRelabelConfigs to apply to samples before ingestion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--metric_relabelings))
- `no_proxy` (String) `noProxy` is a comma-separated string that can contain IPs, CIDR notation, domain names
that should be excluded from proxying. IP and domain names can
contain port numbers.

It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0, Alertmanager >= v0.25.0 or Thanos >= v0.32.0.
- `oauth2` (Block List, Max: 1) OAuth2 for the URL. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2))
- `params` (Map of String) Optional HTTP URL parameters
- `path` (String) HTTP path to scrape for metrics.
- `port` (String) Name of the service port this endpoint refers to. Mutually exclusive with targetPort.
- `proxy_connect_header` (Map of String) ProxyConnectHeader optionally specifies headers to send to
proxies during CONNECT requests.

It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0, Alertmanager >= v0.25.0 or Thanos >= v0.32.0.
- `proxy_from_environment` (Boolean) Whether to use the proxy configuration defined by environment variables (HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, and NO_PROXY).

It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0, Alertmanager >= v0.25.0 or Thanos >= v0.32.0.
- `proxy_url` (String) ProxyURL eg http://proxyserver:2195 Directs scrapes to proxy through this endpoint.
- `relabelings` (Block List) RelabelConfigs to apply to samples before scraping. Prometheus Operator automatically adds relabelings for a few standard Kubernetes fields and replaces original scrape job name with __tmp_prometheus_job_name. More info: https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#relabel_config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--relabelings))
- `scheme` (String) HTTP scheme to use for scraping.
- `scrape_timeout` (String) Timeout after which the scrape is ended
- `target_port` (String) Name or number of the target port of the Pod behind the Service, the port must be specified with container port property. Mutually exclusive with port.
- `tls_config` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS configuration to use when scraping the endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config))
- `track_timestamps_staleness` (Boolean) `trackTimestampsStaleness` defines whether Prometheus tracks staleness of the metrics that have an explicit timestamp present in scraped data. Has no effect if `honorTimestamps` is false.
 It requires Prometheus >= v2.48.0.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.authorization`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret's key that contains the credentials of the request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--authorization--credentials))
- `type` (String) Set the authentication type. Defaults to Bearer, Basic will cause an error

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--authorization--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.authorization.credentials`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret in the service monitor namespace that contains the password for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth--password))
- `username` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret in the service monitor namespace that contains the username for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.basic_auth.password`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.basic_auth.username`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.bearer_token_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--metric_relabelings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.metric_relabelings`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform based on regex matching. Default is 'replace'
- `modulus` (Number) Modulus to take of the hash of the source label values.
- `regex` (String) Regular expression against which the extracted value is matched. Default is '(.*)'
- `replacement` (String) Replacement value against which a regex replace is performed if the regular expression matches. Regex capture groups are available. Default is '$1'
- `separator` (String) Separator placed between concatenated source label values. default is ';'.
- `source_labels` (List of String) The source labels select values from existing labels. Their content is concatenated using the configured separator and matched against the configured regular expression for the replace, keep, and drop actions.
- `target_label` (String) Label to which the resulting value is written in a replace action. It is mandatory for replace actions. Regex capture groups are available.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2`

Optional:

- `client_id` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_secret))
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `no_proxy` (String) `noProxy` is a comma-separated string that can contain IPs, CIDR notation, domain names
that should be excluded from proxying. IP and domain names can
contain port numbers.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0.
- `proxy_connect_header` (Map of String) ProxyConnectHeader optionally specifies headers to send to
proxies during CONNECT requests.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0.
- `proxy_from_environment` (Boolean) Whether to use the proxy configuration defined by environment variables (HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, and NO_PROXY).
If unset, Prometheus uses its default value.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0.
- `proxy_url` (String) `proxyURL` defines the HTTP proxy server to use.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0.
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request
- `tls_config` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS configuration to use when connecting to the OAuth2 server.
It requires Prometheus >= v2.43.0. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.client_id.config_map`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_id--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.client_id.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.client_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config`

Optional:

- `ca` (Block List, Max: 1) Certificate authority used when verifying server certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca))
- `cert` (Block List, Max: 1) Client certificate to present when doing client-authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert))
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) Disable target certificate validation.
- `key_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing the client key file for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--key_secret))
- `max_version` (String) Maximum acceptable TLS version.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.41.0.
- `min_version` (String) Minimum acceptable TLS version.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.35.0.
- `server_name` (String) Used to verify the hostname for the targets.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.ca`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.ca.config_map`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
TODO: Drop `kubebuilder:default` when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--ca--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.ca.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
TODO: Drop `kubebuilder:default` when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.cert`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.cert.config_map`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
TODO: Drop `kubebuilder:default` when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--cert--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.cert.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
TODO: Drop `kubebuilder:default` when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--oauth2--tls_config--key_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.oauth2.tls_config.key_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is
allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are
almost certainly wrong.
TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
TODO: Drop `kubebuilder:default` when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--relabelings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.relabelings`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform based on regex matching. Default is 'replace'
- `modulus` (Number) Modulus to take of the hash of the source label values.
- `regex` (String) Regular expression against which the extracted value is matched. Default is '(.*)'
- `replacement` (String) Replacement value against which a regex replace is performed if the regular expression matches. Regex capture groups are available. Default is '$1'
- `separator` (String) Separator placed between concatenated source label values. default is ';'.
- `source_labels` (List of String) The source labels select values from existing labels. Their content is concatenated using the configured separator and matched against the configured regular expression for the replace, keep, and drop actions.
- `target_label` (String) Label to which the resulting value is written in a replace action. It is mandatory for replace actions. Regex capture groups are available.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config`

Optional:

- `ca` (Block List, Max: 1) Struct containing the CA cert to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca))
- `ca_file` (String) Path to the CA cert in the Prometheus container to use for the targets.
- `cert` (Block List, Max: 1) Struct containing the client cert file for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert))
- `cert_file` (String) Path to the client cert file in the Prometheus container for the targets.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) Disable target certificate validation.
- `key_file` (String) Path to the client key file in the Prometheus container for the targets.
- `key_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing the client key file for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--key_secret))
- `max_version` (String) Maximum acceptable TLS version.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.41.0.
- `min_version` (String) Minimum acceptable TLS version.


It requires Prometheus >= v2.35.0.
- `server_name` (String) Used to verify the hostname for the targets.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.ca`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.ca.config_map`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--ca--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.ca.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.cert`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert--config_map))
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.cert.config_map`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--cert--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.cert.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedblock--spec--endpoints--tls_config--key_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.tls_config.key_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `any` (Boolean) Boolean describing whether all namespaces are selected in contrast to a list restricting them.
- `match_names` (List of String) List of namespace names.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `bindings` (Block List) The list of workload resources (Prometheus or PrometheusAgent) which select the configuration resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--bindings))

<a id="nestedblock--status--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.bindings`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) The current state of the configuration resource when bound to the referenced Prometheus object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--bindings--conditions))
- `group` (String) The group of the referenced resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the referenced object.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the referenced object.
- `resource` (String) The type of resource being referenced (e.g. Prometheus or PrometheusAgent).

<a id="nestedblock--status--bindings--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.bindings.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) LastTransitionTime is the time of the last update to the current status property.
- `message` (String) Human-readable message indicating details for the condition's last transition.
- `observed_generation` (Number) ObservedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the
condition was set based upon. For instance, if `.metadata.generation` is
currently 12, but the `.status.conditions[].observedGeneration` is 9, the
condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the object.
- `reason` (String) Reason for the condition's last transition.
- `status` (String) Status of the condition.
- `type` (String) Type of the condition being reported.
Currently, only "Accepted" is supported.
