---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-kubefu"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PrometheusRule defines recording and alerting rules for a Prometheus instance
---

# kubefu_prometheus_operator_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1 (Data Source)

PrometheusRule defines recording and alerting rules for a Prometheus instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specification of desired alerting rule definitions for Prometheus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) status defines the status subresource. It is under active development and is updated only when the
"StatusForConfigurationResources" feature gate is enabled.

Most recent observed status of the PrometheusRule. Read-only.
More info:
https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `kubefu_manifest_json` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical JSON) for this data source.
- `kubefu_manifest_yaml` (String) Rendered manifest (canonical YAML) for this data source.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `groups` (Block List) Content of Prometheus rule file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--groups))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval determines how often rules in the group are evaluated.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add or overwrite before storing the result for its rules.
The labels defined at the rule level take precedence.

It requires Prometheus >= 3.0.0.
The field is ignored for Thanos Ruler.
- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of alerts an alerting rule and series a recording rule can produce. Limit is supported starting with Prometheus >= 2.31 and Thanos Ruler >= 0.24.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule group.
- `partial_response_strategy` (String) PartialResponseStrategy is only used by ThanosRuler and will be ignored by Prometheus instances. More info: https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/blob/main/docs/components/rule.md#partial-response
- `query_offset` (String) Defines the offset the rule evaluation timestamp of this particular group by the specified duration into the past.

It requires Prometheus >= v2.53.0.
It is not supported for ThanosRuler.
- `rules` (Block List) List of alerting and recording rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--groups--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.rules`

Optional:

- `alert` (String) Name of the alert. Must be a valid label value. Only one of `record` and `alert` must be set.
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to each alert. Only valid for alerting rules.
- `expr` (String) PromQL expression to evaluate.
- `for` (String) Alerts are considered firing once they have been returned for this long.
- `keep_firing_for` (String) KeepFiringFor defines how long an alert will continue firing after the condition that triggered it has cleared.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add or overwrite.
- `record` (String) Name of the time series to output to. Must be a valid metric name. Only one of `record` and `alert` must be set.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `bindings` (Block List) bindings defines the list of workload resources (Prometheus, PrometheusAgent, ThanosRuler or Alertmanager) which select the configuration resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--bindings))

<a id="nestedblock--status--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.bindings`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) conditions defines the current state of the configuration resource when bound to the referenced Workload object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status--bindings--conditions))
- `group` (String) group defines the group of the referenced resource.
- `name` (String) name defines the name of the referenced object.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the namespace of the referenced object.
- `resource` (String) resource defines the type of resource being referenced (e.g. Prometheus, PrometheusAgent, ThanosRuler or Alertmanager).

<a id="nestedblock--status--bindings--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.bindings.conditions`

Optional:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime defines the time of the last update to the current status property.
- `message` (String) message defines the human-readable message indicating details for the condition's last transition.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration defines the .metadata.generation that the
condition was set based upon. For instance, if `.metadata.generation` is
currently 12, but the `.status.conditions[].observedGeneration` is 9, the
condition is out of date with respect to the current state of the object.
- `reason` (String) reason for the condition's last transition.
- `status` (String) status of the condition.
- `type` (String) type of the condition being reported.
Currently, only "Accepted" is supported.
